Nov 19 2009 	Centrally Located and Very Good Value	I spent two nights at the Delta Montreal and was very pleased with my stay. The first night was booked through a special rate with Expedia and the second night was booked at the last minute with the front desk. I stayed in a normal room the first night and an upgraded room the second night. The difference between the two include: the upgraded room is a bit larger, has an electronic thermostat, mouthwash, higher floors, 1 bottled water, nicer desk chair. Overall the furniture in both rooms was the same and overall pretty nice, the bed was comfortable, and the bathroom was clean and spacious. The staff was very helpful with all of my requests. My only complaint would be that the rooms are oddly shaped and much of the extra space is useless. I would say this hotel is a very good 3-star, and is in a great location.	
Oct 19 2009 	Very Nice Stay at the Delta	My husband, young son, and I stayed at the Delta Montreal for four nights in October. We actually selected the &quot;Aroma Package&quot; which offered room service breakfasts each morning and dinner in either their restaurant or bar each night. We did this because the price was excellent, and it made the trip easier to not have to think about breakfast and dinner when traveling with our little boy.We are really, really happy with our experience there. The common spaces are beautiful, festive and upscale. Our room was great as well. I was worried since there were some reviews commenting on the lack of cleanliness and the hotel's real need to update. (They do begin renovations in January 2010.) Since we were there for four nights, I think we had a good opportunity to find things to complain about, and we haven't one! The room was immaculate, decorated in a neutral, elegant way, the pool facility was great for laps and playing with our son, the breakfasts were perfect (fresh croissants and great coffee!), and dinners were surprisingly good. The staff was first class - never snooty but highly efficient and helpful - and the Delta really means it when they say they are kid friendly. We did not see any families other than ours, but everyone on staff said a cheerful bonjour to our son, wanted to make sure he knew there was a small playroom at the hotel, and he ate free the whole time. So, though we do tend to find faults with places we stay, we really haven't a single complaint about the Delta Montreal Hotel.	
Oct 15 2009 	Stay Away	I've been here 10 minutes and I'm already regretting it. $25 parking, $14 internet and hotel needs an update through and through. I complained to the manager (Caroline) and asked for just one day of internet for free (of a two day stay) and she flatly refused. When you get customer service like that - not even offering a damn thing to make my experience better - you don't get repeat customers. Stay away.	
Oct 12 2009 	Bait and switch Hotel	I booked a non-smoking room thru priceline. When I arrived I was given a smoking room despite my 2 calls to confirming the room prior to arrival. I was told that was only room available. Room reaked of smoke. Carpet had 2 large stains and was ripped in several places. I was shocked to see the 3 star rating still! I was told they might change the room the next day. The manager refused a switch saying &quot; that is was happens when you go thru priceline. You learned a good lesson&quot; besides she said all the rooms were sold out. I called the reservations in front of her and gave her a non-smoking room reservation I had just secured for an early check -in. Suddenly a cancellation &quot;occured&quot; and she assigned me a new non-smoking room.I would say the customer service was aweful. If they only want to offer smoking rooms to priceline they should say so. They were aweful especially because they did not care the my three year could not breath. They wanted to teach me lession. I heard that from at least 3 different front-desk attendant/ manager.	
Oct 5 2009 	Very satisfied good location and reasonably priced	My wife and I stayed at the Delta on Rue Pres Kennedy for a weekend in late August when we brought our son to McGill. The hotel is conveniently situated for anyone wanting to be close to the McGill campus. We got a rate of CDN$125 so I thought it was a pretty good value (hotel taxes added another $25). I would agree with other reviewers that the rooms are in need of some updates but I really couldn't complain about ours. It was large and on a high floor with a nice view, the bed was fine, and it was clean. We didn't use any of the hotel food service facilities or fitness center so I can't comment on them. Front desk staff were very pleasant and helpful. Overall I was quite satisfied.	
Oct 3 2009 	Excellent central hotel	This is a very central hotel with everything you would expect from a modern hotel. I would gladly stay here again.A few silly things let this hotel down:a) The length of time you have to wait for to get a dring in the bar when nobody else was standing waiting to be served!!!! b) Connection to the internet in the room is only by wire and even though I had a new laptop it took ages to get the system to work. There is theoretically wifi access in the bar and restaurant but I couldn't get it to work. When I asked the guy next to me how he managed to do it, he said he also could not get it to work and connected using the free wifi from the coffee chop accross the road (Chez Simon)c) I was here at a meeting in one of the rooms and I asked reception for the wifi password. I was prepared to pay but not at the price they quoted - $250 for the day. This must be the highest rate in the world!! Apparently this is the cost for everybody in the room using it, and would not sell me an individual connection. Come on Delta, if you are a business hotel surely you can understand that this is not acceptable.Had it not been for the last point I would have given this hotel a 5 star rating.	
Sep 24 2009 	DISGUSTING	I travel quite frequently, but still consider myself to be quite tolerant of most things. For instance, I would never go to the tropics and complain about bugs in my room, and I can overlook a hair that got left in the shower, no problem. However, I must say that the DELTA is at best a two star! The lobby and conference rooms are refurbished and quite nice - but the show stops there. The rooms are disgusting. I was in a non-smoking room, that smelled like an ashtray and had over 20 ciggarette burns in the carpet. Not to mention the room was terribly outdated, the fixures in the bathroom were chipped and scuzzy, there was no fan in the bathroom, even though there was a cover where the fan should be that was fallling out of the ceiling and covered with dustt, fabric pills on the sheets and blankets- add all of those things up, and it equates to a very poor experience. It was dirty, smelly, and just disgusting. There are great hotels in Montreal - this is not one of them.	
Sep 23 2009	Great hotel for the price	The hotel is in need of some updating, but had a great deal off hotels.ca. The staff were very pleasant and provided great suggestions for dinner and were very helpful in booking our activities. The hotel had easy access to the metro and St Catherines street. The walk to the old city was a little longer but still very doable. The rooms were very large. A huge buffet breakfast every morning.	
Sep 23 2009 	Terrible	I'm not a picky traveler. Most of my reviews I would say are upbeat and I always look for the positive, but I can't help but rate this hotel poorly. We booked it for a good price on hotwire, which I picked because they rated it a 3.5 star and it had a pool. The pool is a necessity because its always the highlight for our kids. That and watching movies before going to bed.Here's the rundown of what happened:The first night: We arrived late- about 8pm and the &quot;ONLY&quot; room left for me, my mom and my daughter in this huge hotel was a smoking room with a king size bed. We are not smokers and my daughter was gagging the whole time. So we went to the pool. The pool looked much bigger online, but at least it was indoors. After getting into it however, it seemed very dirty. Again, I can put up with a lot, but there was dirt all around the edges, the water seemed cloudy and in spots the bottom of the pool seemed slippery. And there was mildew all on the ceiling. So we went back to the room hoping to see a movie and after an hour trying to work the tv and calling down to the desk, they could not get it to work. By the way, the tv was one of those old boxy kinds and not very big.The second night: We requested to be moved, so somehow by 9am we got a non smoking room and two full sized beds that was clean and ready to be moved into. (Were they really full the night before or was it because we were discount guests they didn't want to be hospitable?) When we tried to rent a movie that night, the same thing happened. The person at the desk could not get it to work even after checking to make sure everything was activated. The janitor was even sent up to the room to check it. It was kind of insulting- we are seasoned travelers who know how to rent movies! It never worked, so the front desk person said when we leave the room in the morning to tell the front desk and they will get a repair person to go up and fix it while we are out. Third day: So in the morning we did that. Finally we got a competent person who looked in back and found that the switch had never been activated! That evening we finally got to watch our movie on the old tv. Another aspect about this room: the sheets on the mattress are not fitted (which I don't think is unusual for beds in hotels) however, the sheet wasn't even pulled down over the mattress- it was like a previous review said- like the bed was short sheeted! So we remade the bed, not well enough I guess though, because in the morning the sheet had slipped off and we were sleeping on the bare mattress! Gross!The last morning: I went to see what kind of compensation we could get for the mattress experience, the smoky room and the tv problems and they kindly waived all my parking fees for 3 days. And of course we weren't charged for the movie. It was fine. I don't like complaining, but this was a crazy bad experience.Also, the concierge was only adequate. Not friendly at all, but gave the basic information we asked for.The hotel from the lobby looks like a 3.5 or 4 star, but the hallways and rooms look like a 2 star. Worse than any cheap hotel we've stayed at. The rooms were dated- formica counters in the bathrooms. One bathroom light over the sink- making a very dark toilet and shower area. No fridge in the room. Badly stained carpets and a thick layer of dust around the corners of the room where the carpet meets the walls. Now that my kids are getting to be teens, our values have switched in hotels to needing decent pools and movie service. We won't be staying here anymore. But I imagine someone looking for a deal could make this hotel work if they tuck in their sheets real well and overlook the mold and dust. The only good things were the location- right downtown- and the bar. We had dinner in the bar that first night and it was amazing. The food was delicious and beautifully presented. Better than most restaurants we went to those 3 days.	
Sep 20 2009 	Modern clean great location quality weight room	Travel zoo $99/night. I'd pay $150/night for this one. King size bed had plush linen and pillows. Clean bathroom with strong water pressure. Large well-maintained weight room with all the amenities of a good private gym. Parking was expsensive at over $20/day. Friendly bilingual staff. This location is perfect for access to McGill, St. Laurent, St. Denis, east end Montreal, old Port, etc...	
Sep 17 2009 	Good Location English speaking staff Rooms are a bit dated	On a trip to Toronto, we realized that we had an extra day. Although we loved Ottawa the last time we were in Ontario, we decided to go to Montréal this time. The drive was long but it's a great city to see.We decided to book the Delta Montréal based on a 50% off Travel zoo rate and the reviews on Trip Advisor. There are two Deltas in downtown Montréal so be careful which one you book. This Delta is closer to McGill and walking distance to most tourist locations. We found it to be a good hotel. We wanted to stay at the Fairmont (it cost the same that weekend) but they didn't have rooms with two beds--those types of rooms are very limited as the room sizes are too small to even accommodate a cot or sofa bed)When we got to the hotel we quite didn't know where to stop to unload. There is no driveway to the hotel. Just the road on the side. We had to circle around to find a spot to park and unload. Hotel parking is $24. We decided to park outside the hotel across the street. The spot was well light and right in front of the hotel entrance. Parking was free on Sunday until 1 PM. Check the meter, as time very. There is a lot of activity around the hotel and it seemed safe. After talking to a few people that used to live in Montréal, we were told that parking outside was not a good idea. Make sure you hide all valuables. We had Quebec plates on our rental so that may have helped. There are a few cheaper lots around though.The rooms are pretty big. We had two double beds and a huge sitting area with a balcony. The bathroom was a bit small but did the job. The beds were also okay, just like the Delta in Ottawa. The room is a bit dark and dated, however. This hotel has mostly English speaking guests so we felt quite comfortable. The service was also good and the front desk spoke fluent English, once you started with them in English. The business center has 3 computers but the internet is really slow so they're good just to look up a few quick things (before patience runs out).All in all, a decent hotel for the price.	
Sep 15 2009 	Always a good stay one of MTL's best values!	On average, my partner and I (or with a group of friends) treat ourselves to a weekend in Montreal once every two months. Amongst the numerous hotels we've stayed at, I have to say, the Delta continues to be one of the best choices when it comes to satisfaction, as well as for price! I'd say that you REALLY DO get the 3/4 star hotel, at often TWO star prices. For the best rate, book with CAA, and often you can change it for the &quot;last minute rate&quot;.ROOMS:I've had the chance to stay in all 3 categories of rooms throughout different stays. While the pictures of the Delta rooms don't look all too appealing, the room have recently been renovated throughout the ENTIRE hotel, so the Delta rooms and the Premiere rooms look EXACTLY the same! The only difference is that the Premiere rooms are on high floors (who cares!) All rooms have nice duvets and SUPER comfortable beds! The Signature Club rooms have some nice added touches, such as iPod dock/speakers and LCDs. All 3 categories of rooms are LARGE, much more so than many other Montreal hotels. The bathrooms are your standard hotel bathrooms. The few minor issues I've ever had here have been solved ON THE SPOT, thanks to great staff. They have also ALWAYS been able to give us any requested extras (iPod speakers, CD player, Fridge, etc...)It's in a part of MTL that's a short walk from shopping/nightlife, or a cheap cab ride back after a drunken night out!	
Sep 7 2009 	Outdated hotel not worth the price	I have just returned from this hotel today. I am seriously disappointed in the facilities and rooms in this hotel. I was looking forward to enjoying the pool and kid's room. The pool water is very, very dirty, it seriously needs to be changed, it is comparable to slime. The changerooms are old and not very clean too. The kid's playplace is a closet.As for the rooms, the beds and linens are very comfortable and clean. Unfortunately that was the only clean part of our room. The shower had mold in the grout which was re-grouted in some areas, the bathroom is comparable to a 3star I stayed in Cuba. Yes, not very nice, but in working condition. I found a dirty pair of socks under my bed, (not ours). The balcony looks dangerous to say the least. TV's are old tube ones, (aren't flat screens affordable now?)The staff was friendly and the breakfast was great.Warning to Montreal visitors: there is a lot of crime in the city. We had our car window smashed and contents robbed, after paying $10 for parking, while taking a walk in old Montreal. The police said is was common. Note: we were the only non-Quebec plates in the lot and the only ones with a smashed window.	
Aug 30 2009 	Very good but loud heater	The hotel is a bit old but very clean and well managed. It is centrally located so it is easy to get to the Metro, shopping and university. The underground parking was clean and bright. The only thing was that the heater was too loud whenever it kicked in, we were woken up, so we turned the heat down just before we go to sleep... Overall the hotel is great, I would stay there again if when I visit Montreal in the summer.	
Aug 27 2009 	Good Hotel at a Good Price	This hotel is very centrally located. All the attractions are within a 15-20 minute walk or less. If walking is not your thing, the metro is 2 blocks away. The staff was extremely helpful in suggesting places to eat and things to do. The indoor pool and hot tub are a plus, for after a long day of walking its nice to jump in the water. The room was spacious, although the tv could have been larger (but who goes on vacation to watch TV?) Free internet in the rooms, but you have to plug in your computer as it is not wireless. If you are going to montreal and want to be in a good location at a good hotel, this is the place to be. I recommend it.	
Aug 21 2009 	Kudos to the staff at this hotel they surely know how to please you!	My wife and I are seasoned travelers having traveled several times throughout Europe, South and Central America. Therefore, we recognize outstanding service when we visit a particular place. This month we spent 7 days in Montreal at this hotel -visiting Montreal and Quebec for the first time-. I must say that we both were impressed by the professionalism of the staff at the Delta Montreal! There were a couple of instances when we solicited assistance from the front desk regarding room matters -which as a general rule, would indicate the quality of service, degree of courtesy and efficiency offered by the establishment-. In both instances, they responded efficiently, timely and with a high degree of sensitivity and interest in resolving the matter. Moreover, they resolved the matter(s) in a very professional manner without making excuses or attempting to shift the burden to the guest! We hope to return to Montreal in the near future and we for sure will return to the Delta Montreal because we KNOW that their staff provides a five (5) star service at a reasonable price!	
Aug 17 2009 	they p...s me ..[-] with money and when I asked why the manager told me thats the best team	never trust this hotelnever use ur creadit card or ur visa staff not even smilyparking is lik hell airless not safty at all i hold my horn to get help no way noone even care, i had to stip out my car to get help froem loppy ROOMS ...LOL JUST LOOK AT THE WINDOWS AND U CAN SEE HOW MENY SPIDERS THEIR,+ if u nee dhelp 2night such as movies .. u will have to call reception to got the moive what u want but dont try case i traied few tims noone even care....the thing which is really heart me when i got my bills and i thought that thirs is charge misteak on it i have been to talke with them and the manger came did nothing but to till me about here great team whos never made misteaks at all so i was the bad guy then becuse i wanted just understand somthing i sewar they made my 1st vist to montreal like helllllllll ill never back to this city becuse of emIll give them (-1 out of 10)	
Aug 15 2009 	Great Location Clean and Free Internet	- My second time staying at this Delta Location.... Here are my thoughts (i've been travelling for years and have spent a lot of time in hotels)Pros- Location - st catherine street is very close (all the shops, nightlife); walking distance from train station if you have a small bag; place des arts metro is 2 min away- Free Internet is key for me and I think a lot of travellers .... thumbs up for that - Accesible Gym with more equipment than 90% of the hotels out there... + there is a pool ...although the gym equipment is dated...you can still have a decent workout ...- Rooms are large and clean....- Beds are very comfortable...in fact..i would put these beds up against the Marriott beds - very nice to sleep onCons- the hotel is dated... 20 years ago it would have been in style but now it's starting to show its age (faded carpet, tube tv's, door handles on stairwell doors are falling off- elevators are slow..there are 3 elevators but you still end up waiting longer than you should have to for an elevator (and normally they are full)The above cons for me are not that big so I would stay here again if i get a good rate	
Aug 13 2009 	Centrally located but far from the nightlife	Stayed three nights for NHL All-Star weekend this past January.Pros: Very good value for under $100 in the off-season. Clean, spacious rooms, good soundproofing of walls. Super-comfortable beds &amp; pillows (both soft &amp; hard). Pleasant &amp; efficient staff. One block from Metro subway (either Place-des-Arts or McGill stops). On the doorstep of the impressive Eaton Centre shopping complex. Six blocks from VIA central train station. Huge liquor store one block south, though limited hours (noon-6pm).Cons: Soundproofing of door to hallway is non-existent. Expect to hear every door slam and drunken conversation in the hall thanks to extensive gaps around each door, thus bring earplugs. $26/night for underground parking. Pool area closes at 9pm, even on weekends. TV has ~25 channels, with only a handful in English.Tip: While centrally located, the area becomes a ghost town at night in the winter, even on weekends. Need to walk 12 blocks west to hit the nightlife &amp; fine dining or 10 blocks south for Old Montreal. Any businesses/restaurants near the hotel shut down by 10pm.Overall, an enjoyable experience.	
Aug 13 2009 	People make a hotel!	We stayed at the Delta Montreal from August 5-9, 2009. It was an excellent experience. Our room was large, clean and had a balcony. However, it's the staff at this hotel that sets it apart. The front desk people bent over backwards to make sure our stay was a pleasant one. House-keeping people anticipated needs and asked if there was anything we did need? Manon at the bar was a sweetheart and was very helpful with recommendations for our excursions. The concierge was always there and very knowledgeable &amp; helpful. I know, it may sound like we have a share in this hotel! However, when you get adequate service these days, it a relief. When fantastic service comes along. you need to tell people.	
Aug 12 2009 	Good hotel not sure about its rating	I stayed here with my boyfriend for 5 nights end of July/begin August. Booked on Expedia when we saw it had a summer deal making it cheaper than many hotels in the category/location.Plus: - location, we could easily walk to town and the metro was close by- free internet at the business centre, however you're bound to wait for a while as most guests want to make use of it while there are just 3 computers- staff were helpful and friendly Minus:- we had to request a room change due to a broken shower and toilet which didn't flush properly. The friendly staff member did however immediately assign us to another room, which we appreciated a lot. Said it was an upgrade - same room, but with free local calls.- rooms (and as above, we've seen more than one) are quite dated, television had to be switched off twice every time - when we switched it off a first time, it'd always pop back on to the hotel channel...- had breakfast one morning, chose the buffet. Found out some fruit on our plate was past its best before date.Conclusion: good hotel if you're in Montreal to get to know the city. Would classify it as a 3 star hotel however, not more. Would return if I could get it at the same discount rate, but not at full price.	
Aug 8 2009 	Excellent hotel around downtown	We stayed the last weekend in July on short notice, so we must have got a deal given the recession or something. $130 for a signature room with free breakfast, appetizers in the evening &amp; internet was a great deal.Excellent service &amp; the room was immaculate, but I think 4 days in a signature room is too much as we didn't have room in our stomaches for a nice dinner out on the town. The view was nice from the lounge on the 23rd floor, but $11 a drink is a bit much. They did switch up the snack buffet a bit from day-to-dayWearflip-flops by the pool if you can as the floor is slippery. It's nice down there though	
Aug 3 2009 	Clean/Comfortable/Affordable - FULL 4* Star+ Hotel	Stayed at this hotel this last Saturday August 1st and everything was what I expected from a 4 star hotel - the real bonus was the price $106+tx! The room had 2 double beds(clean &amp; comfortable), a big bathroom(very clean) with a curved shower rod + a balcony with a GREAT view of the city. Not sure what previous poster was stating about this hotel being under renovations - it is NOT - call them directly if you are in doubt. Yes the cost of parking is well over $20 if you park there - but you can also park right across the street indoors for $13. Please note there are TWO Delta hotels located in downtown Montreal, the one we stayed at is located on President-Kennedy. At this price I will be staying at this hotel whenever I need a room downtown Montreal.J	
Jul 28 2009 	Disappointing Accomodations and Misleading Information!	My friend and I, along with our partners chose the Delta Montreal hotel from a Travelzoo special after a long and extensive search for a nice place at a reasonable rate. We were there to participate in the Montreal Dragon Boat Festival. We chose this hotel because Montreal Tourism rated it as a 5 star hotel. We were excited to get a good deal and to stay in a beautiful place. Service was good overall. Staff were helpful and resourceful. Room was very disappointing though. It was a small corner room (our booking said it was to be an oversized hotel room!). As well, it was very dirty, stained and torn up. Rugs were heavily stained throughout the room, closet doors and walls were dirty and evidently not routinely cleaned (water stains, dirt smears, etc.) and the carpet was ripped, torn and loose entering the bathroom area. It was so bad that the carpet was unravelling and numerous nail ends were exposed. I ended up stepping on these and having my heel bleed from it. There were a lot of extra expenses as well. Parking was around $24 a day and even a bar fridge available in your room was $20 a day. We ended up talking to the Manager about our experience and disappoinment where he was shocked to hear that the hotel was rated as a 5 star. He said that it was only a 3 star! He also mentioned that the hotel was going to be remodelled which was why the carpets and walls were in bad shape and left this way. We ended up getting one night comped because of our complaints (which we used digital photos of the room to show him the extent of the issues!). It was in a good location however, and we were able to walk to a lot of entertainment districts. Overall, would not go back this hotel location though. Found Montreal in general to be very expensive and the atmosphere a little rude.	
Jul 14 2009 	Clean and great staff.	This hotel provided myself and my friends with a great place to stay. It is a bit pricey even with a corporate discount you are still looking at a good chunk of change with parking. But I have to say the view and the friendly service made the stay worthwhile. The rooms are clean and housekeeping is swift and efficient. I would recommend this hotel to any traveller who is on business. I dont know If I would recommend this hotel to someone who wants to experience montreal nightlife as you have to take a cab from this location and there are closer less expensive hotels located in walking distance to the montreal nightlife scene.	
Jul 9 2009 	Not bad--but some minor issues	I liked the Delta. It was a good middle of the road option for me and two friends who stayed there 3 nights while enjoying the Montreal Jazz fest.Liked: - location: easily walkable to everything downtown- room size: fine, even for three adults- price: not cheap, but fair for the amenities in the hotelDisliked:- no free internet- expensive rates for phone calls- room phone's vmail function did not work- TV remote did not work- no chair on balcony--we kept dragging them in and out- few towels despite asking repeatedly- took 3 times to get a room key that worked!Overall, I'd do it again, but there are also lots of similar / better options nearby too if you do not mind the rates or can find a deal.	
Jul 2 2009 	Great but could use some improvement	I stay at the Delta Montreal on June 25th-30th 2009 and it was great but it could use some improvement. When we arrived and went to check in to our Famliy suite the man said we booked it for tomorrow sowe couldn't go in. It was odd because when we booked it on the phone they said it was ready for June 25th. So we had to book a roon for one night then we could check in on June 26. We checked into that room and when we got in there was a big big washroom,a balcony but no mini fridge. We had to use a a big bowl with ice in it. The next day June 26 we went down to the Restaurant and ate thebreakfast buffet it cost $18.50. Then we went to check in to the Family suite well it was amazing. One big kitchen with a full size fridge,a living room,balcony,two LCD TV's,a washroom and a bedroom. Overall the hotel was great but the front staff could use some improvement.Note: Balcony has some bugs.	
Jun 13 2009 	I would stay at Delta Montreal again!	I recently stayed at Delta Montreal for 3nights,I was there for a Chief's Assembly for Quebec and Labrador.The staff were very friendly an helpful.My room was large and clean.I appreciated the weather report left on my bed an the fact that it was addressed to me personally .This made me feel very welcome.Unfortunately,I was unaware that this hotel offered rooms for smokers,I had to elevate to the main floor to smoke.That I didn't like.When I did learn that you offered rooms for smokers ,it was too late because they were all booked.I was surprised that the signature lub rooms didn't have balconies an regular rooms did.I personally think that, the signature club rooms should have a balcony.Overall, I enjoyed my stay.and would stay again!	
May 29 2009 	Dated and Tired	This might have been a very nice hotel at one point but the rooms are not there anymore. My room was huge but the layout was poor. The toilet directly faced a huge mirror. which is not the most desired arrangement. In the main part of the room there were two lumpy double beds, an ugly concrete balcony, a ancient television and a stained-brown coffee machine. The rug had seen much better days and was stained and rippled. The room had miles of wall space but only one picture was hung and that was on a side wall. It was inhospitable and felt dated and unwelcoming. No wifi (free or otherwise) was available either; not great for a business traveler. My colleague reported that her bed was short-sheeted. On the plus side, the lobby was pleasant and the staff were very friendly but I can't recommend the hotel.	
May 28 2009 	Great location ...3 1/2 stars	Delta Montreal is a huge hotel with all types of guests(families, animal lovers, couples, business, groups of young people, etc). After reading trip advisor reviews, we opt to stay in the signature room(most expensive) and glad we did. We went through expedia and got 30% off since we booked for 3 nights. The rooms are in the top floors, most modern w bedding and furnishing, free internet, and access to club room for computer use(old but does the job), magazines, free continental breakfast and evening snacks(alcohol pay extra which is fine BUT something not told until after you start drinking and many people were quite surprised about it and should be told up front). The food was good and perfect. The front desk are very nice. We asked for a corner room since many reviews suggested it for noise control and got it. Plus my daughter received a welcome gift which is always appreciated. The room was very comfortable and location is great!!! Short walks to shops, latin district. metro, and McGill. Plus parking is right below and u can exit as often as u like. The kid's activity room was nice but needs to be updated with books, games, and puzzles considering many pieces were missing and pages ripped. The down fall, the noise from the hallway is bad. even with the corner room the noise level you can hear like the elevator, people talking, and opening and closing of doors. I was surpised by this. Since there is over 400 rooms in the hotel, this won't be fixed anytime soon.. And yes, I agree w other reviewers if you have a party going on next door or even on the floor you might not get too much sleep. We were lucky and had no problems during the night.	
May 25 2009 	A good quality central place to stay	I stayed for three nights in May 2009. On checking in the staff were very helpful and fully explained the layout of the hotel and gave me map discriping the best way to get around.I was on business, and the downside was no free wireless access in rooms, thought there is a business centre for guests, with three dodgy old computers in it. OK for basic e-mail checking etc.The hotel is in a central location and everything within downtown Montreal is in easy walking distance.I had a smoking room on the third floor, with a small balconey overlooking the rear access garden and foutains. It was more than fine. I would recomend this hotel for a value break and for a short business stay	
May 10 2009 	A Nice Place	The place was nice. Rooms were very good and Hotel staff was very helpful. I used the business center also. There was a charge for parking but I had anticipated that.	
May 8 2009 	Nice clean hotel.	I stayed at this hotel for one night on my way to Quebec City, with friends. The hotel is in a good location. The rooms were a good size and very clean, with modern decor. The staff were very helpful and informative. They switched between English and French effortlessly, and were helpful to individuals that spoken either/both languages.They do charge additional (per day) for parking. However, we were able to enter/exit the garage throughout the day without any additional charges. They also charge extra for internet access. However, these aren't deal breakers by any means. After all, I doubt that one can find free parking around Downtown Montreal (for hotels, that is). In addition, I have found that many mid-range hotels charge for internet (which is unfortunate).Overall, I would recommend this hotel to anyone that can find a &quot;deal&quot; on the price. I don't think I would pay regular prices.	
May 5 2009 	Quite Deceiving...	Stayed there for one night and tought that this Delta is a very average hotel. The room was pretty big but the king size bed we had was pretty old and the mattress had waves in it so you could see where people usually sleep... Not too good for Delta... Went down to the pool (frigid water) and the hot tub was out of service. I have to say that the breakfast ordered thru room service was good and the lady who brought it up was very friendly. This is a hotel I would skip next time, it felt like it was a bit outdated.	
May 4 2009 	Overrated hotel disappointed traveler	The hotel looks good from the outside and the lobbies and halls, but it is a ripoff and is behind the times in terms of amenities. Very annoying. While most hotels are giving away the Internet, the Delta Montreal charges $13.95 per day for the privilege of plugging in your computer to the world. They also charge you $1.60 per local phone call, which is bad enough but what's worse is they don't tell you that anywhere on the phone. You find out about it in a vague asterisk in the hotel room book. For the class of hotel they lead you to believe it is, there should be a minibar (especially since room service ends at 11 p.m.!) and an in-room safe.	
Apr 30 2009 	Pretty good hotel!	Clean hotel. Good location. Easy to find. Parking was perfect. I would stay here again.	
Apr 29 2009 	Not so good !	I had stayed at this hotel a few years ago and from what I remember, I was a nice hotel. Well ... it isn't anymore. This is definetly not what Delta Hotels are all about. This hotel is in a desperate need of a major renovations! From the leaking ice machine in the hallway to bed sheets that don't even fit on their beds. Wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Mar 26 2009 	Nice hotel with great service	LocationWalking distance to Metro, St. Catherine St. shops, Bell Centre (10-15 min.) and restaurants. Short cab to bus and train stations.RoomsVery large, clean room with balcony and windows that open. Rooms without balconies are smaller. Most comfortable hotel beds and pillows I have ever had! Nice furnishings and bedding. Large bathroom although the old shower needed updating. The shower pressure was very low unless on cold. No big deal though. Some rooms are more updated than others. StaffVery friendly staff and quick to accommodate your requests. Our balcony and windows were bolted shut for children’s safety but they opened them for us. BuildingVery nice lobby. Pool but we didn't use it.I would definitely recommend this hotel and will stay there again.	
Mar 19 2009 	Comfortable stay in large room for excellent price	Hotel Delta Montreal is nicely situated between lively St.Catherine street and the hill Mont Royal. Quiet area of this large city, we almost reached every site of Montreal on foot.We stayed for 6 nights in a Premier Room, which was on 14th floor. It was very spacy. Very comfortable double beds. But the carpet is old and need to be replaced. But I definatly would stay there again.	
Mar 11 2009 	Disgusting. Booked through Priceline. Avoid avoid avoid!!	I booked this place on Priceline thinking it would be a great deal. But they gave me a room that heavily reeked of cigarette smoke on the second floor facing a busy street. Although the room was big, it was sparsely furnished and the lighting was very bad so it felt like an empty but smoky prison cell. Internet also cost extra. The three days I stayed there couldn't have gone by fast enough.	
Feb 17 2009 	Good location good value - but minor annoyances	We stayed at the Delta Montreal for two nights on Valentine's Day weekend. The hotel was okay, but there were many things I feel that will be helpful to others when deciding to book. Downtown Montreal is a bit tough to drive in, but as we pulled into the hotel, the driveway almost looked like it wrapped around so you could leave your car there, check-in and then drive your car to the underground parking. No such luck.... we realized that this wasn't the case and backed out and ended up driving underground to park the car before checking in. No big deal, just a little hard to find this out until you pull in. The underground parking is currently under construction. Some of the cars aren't parked in parking spaces and are parked along the sides of the wall. Just a bit tight, but the worst part is the dust! The cars were covered in it due to the construction. The dust even continued throughout the elevator from the parking levels into the hotel. At least this elevator is separate from the elevators used going to the rooms. The check-in was very busy... there were about 15 people in front of us and within minutes there were 15 people behind us. The front desk staff were quick to take people so the line moved fairly quickly. Our room was on the second floor of the hotel, and it appeared clean and well appointed. The bathroom decor was a tiny bit dated, but seemed extremely clean. The sheets weren't put on the bed properly from the start so the bottom sheet wasn't covering the mattress and we got tangled up both nights when we were sleeping. It didn't appear that our pillow cases were changed on the second day. Overall we had a great time visiting Montreal and had a very nice Valentine's weekend. The hotel was neither great, nor horrible. Probably the most major annoyances were the underground parking due to construction and the beds/bed sheets.	
Feb 13 2009 	Booked through Priceline - Did not meet 3 stars - Filthy	I stayed at the Delta Montreal; 475 President Kennedy Avenue, Montreal, Quebec H3A 1J7; October 23, 2008 through Oct 26, 2008. I booked the room through Priceline, bidding for a 3 star hotel or better for 75 USD a night plus taxes and service fees.The hotel would have been up to the 3 star rating, had it been clean and in good repair. Unfortunately neither were true. I have included pictures in my review of the terrible conditions in the common areas. *There was a hole in the ceiling above the ice machine. *The elevator lobby from the parking garage to the main floor was filthy the entire stay. There was a piece of pizza in the ash tray next to the up button and trash on the floor. *My room wasn't very clean either.Note that the Priceline rate only got me a smoking room. I was informed at check in that I could pay extra to get a non-smoking room, but none were available any of the nights during my stay.I apologize for posting this 3 1/2 months after my stay. I hope that the hotel has improved over the last few months, but based on my experience I would not recommend staying in this hotel.	
Jan 23 2009 	Typical City Hotel	This is a typical City hotel. It looks like a concrete tower block from the outside - but that's because it is!! Mind you - when you're watching where you're walking because of the heavy snow you don't tend to notice!! The rooms were clean - although the bathrooms could do with updating. Fresh towels were supplied every day - and the maid came in to make up the beds too. No kettle - just a coffee percolator - which is fine, provided you like coffee tasting tea. We had the surprise of complimentary continental breakfast included in our stay - but for CAN$4 we could upgrade to hot food as well which was amazing. Eggs, bacon, sausages, French toast or pancakes, freshly made waffles or omelettes made to your choice of ingredients. The hotel is centrally located for all the underground shopping malls and it is very easy to find your way around. Staff in the hotel are very friendly and approachable.	
Jan 5 2009 	Great Stay :)	Good hotel with a fantastic bed, one of the most comfortable I have ever stayed in. Very spacious, we had an outdoor terrace which was sealed shut, so we were a bit disappointed, but it was the middle of winter, so maybe it's understandable. We checked out the hotel restaurant on the first day, but was fairly pricey, so we ate out every day. Overall no complaints.	
Dec 29 2008 	Horrible Stay!	We stayed there, me and my wife, from Dec. 25th, 08 to Dec. 28th, 08, and we had a room upgrade but guess what I am really wondering how the standard room are because ours were horrible. We chnaged the room four times because there is always something wrong with the room, no lights in the bathroom, very noisy heat system to the point you really can't sleep.The Service desk is very poor and unprofessional, they really need to learn about customer service and specially the managers there. I travel regularly and stay in hotels often in business, but this one was my worst stay ever, and i was very surprised because it's the Delta.	
Nov 30 2008 	Weekend in a fraternity house	I spent the weekend of November 14-15 at the Delta Montreal. I've stayed there before. The rooms are large, the beds comfortable and it used to be quiet. But this time, I was woken up several times Saturday night by the noise of doors slamming, loud laughter and yelling from 11 p.m. until 6 a.m. The hotel was full of young people partying. Saturday evening in the bar, three young men got into a shouting match with another table. Four girls walked up and down the hall, each carrying a bottle of wine and a glass. Three young men carried in a case of beer and assorted bags. Probably not surprising that even the 22nd floor, one of the club floors, was noisy all night with young people running from room to room and slamming doors.I had a similar experience in 2005 but thought it was an isolated incident. Obviously not. I will not stay there again.	
Nov 7 2008 	Nice hotel but go elsewhere for meals	Room was great...large, clean, comfortable beds, coffee machine etc. No fridge in room. Nowhere to keep any drinks cold. No ice machine visible on floor.Dining ...breakfast EXPENSIVE. Most expensive I've seen as this is usually the best deal for meals.Maybe OK if you have an expense acct but $3.55 for coffee is up there.Same for juice. $13.00 for continental. Dinner selections seemed pricey also. No small portions. Maybe we should have shared one order...	
Sep 27 2008 	Really nice hotel in a great location downtown	I spent five nights here and found it to be an excellent hotel. Check in was very straightforward, very welcoming. Standard room was very big with king size bed, nice desk and chair, armchair - also a balcony. Bathroom was also a very good size. Very clean and had everything one would want. Free wifi as well which worked exellently.I only ate in the hotel once and that was for dinner in the bar on my first night there due to a late arrival. This was very nice too.Would definintely look at staying here again	
Sep 9 2008 	Enjoyable stay	We spent 2 nights at the Delta Hotel and found it to be a well run hotel. The check-in lady was very friendly and when we asked if we could have a later check-out she was prompt to oblige.The standard room was very bright and well furnished.We had a big bathroom well equiped with the more than usual soap shower cap etc.The room was equipped with a internet cable which was free as well as in the reception area there were 3 free internet computersbut very much on demand from the guests.The concierge was most helpfull with street maps and suggestions and sight seeing trips etc.The breakfast which was included in our Hotel price was very good with a big choice and friendy staff .All in all we did have a enjoable stay at the hotel and felt very comfortableWe would stay again at the hotel	
Sep 8 2008 	Great night!	Me and my fiance had a great time in this hotel. The staff was a great help with telling us were to go in Montreal. The room was beautiful with a big bathroom. The view on the city was nice. Everything was clean. The parking is free, and we could leave the car there until 6pm the next day, no extra charge!	
Sep 1 2008 	Dishonest hotel non-smoking room priceline SCAM	Thanks to some previous previews, I’ve learned that even if there are non-smoking rooms available, the staff will not give them to priceline customers if they don’t pay $20 extra. This did happen to me, and I think this scam seems to be this hotel’s “tradition.” Of course I paid $20 extra to get upgraded to a “non-smoking premier room.” Then I checked their availabilities and called their service hotline to complain. After 5 minutes, the manager called and explained again the “priceline policy.” Without any apology, she simply sent a bell captain with my new keycard helping me move to a non-smoking delta room, which the front desk claimed to be “sold out.”If you want to bid on priceline for a 3-star hotel in Montreal, I would suggest you try 2.5-star since you might probably get Residence Inn Downtown or Holiday Inn Express, which offer complimentary breakfast and are way nicer than 3-star Delta. What's more, their staff doesn’t cheat or discriminate their customers.	
Aug 31 2008	Okay hotel Room Average	The area is close enough to tourist attractions but not great. We had to walk through some questionable apartment complex streets to get to the main tourist restaurant drag. Self-parking was easy in the underground parking garage with in and out privileges. The service personnel were all very friendly. However, when we asked for opinions of things or restaurants to visit, we were sent to the concierge, but it was always the bellman who referred us to a limited selection of brochures. The room was larger than expected with a strange layout. There was a balcony but very wet from rain. The room was musty smelling but looked clean upon inspection. Overall it was pretty average.	
Aug 26 2008 	The Non-Smoking Room SCAM Continues	Disappointed in not finding a non-smoking room (who sells smoking rooms anymore in Canada!?!?!), I was charged an extra $20 per room (2 rooms) under the same pretense as another online complaint. While there were no non-smoking rooms available at the room type that I had purchased through Priceline, there were plenty of non-smoking rooms available for upgraded rooms. The whole experience left me feeling disgusted and I have now written Priceline for a refund. I'll follow up with the Delta head office as well. Do yourself a favour, the Delta Montreal was nothing to write home about in the first place, if you want to be ripped off....look for another place!!Bill	
Aug 25 2008 	Worst of the worst	I have never written a review and I thought I would never, but after stayed in this Montreal Delta (475 Avenue Du Président-Kennedy), I have to.This is top of my worst experience in a so called 4 star hotel :First, once we enter the room, my kids found some dirty beer caps still on the floor, room was not properly clean, and they almost hurt their feets, lucky my boy still had his socks on!And about 15 minutes later, 2 other guests just entered our room in the middle of our changing our clothes, we called front desk and they said will send someone a set of new access cards right away. After 3 hours, nobody showed up and I tried to called more than 10 times in between to the front desk and no one answers. Finally, I have to try to call the operator and connect to the front desk and after a long ring, someone answered and send us the new access cards.When I told me about how the room condition to the staff, all she said was &quot;OH!&quot; Very bad service and experience and I very close to check out but was very tired after been travel almost a week ahead before Montreal, our last destination of the trip.I have been in Montreal over dozens of times and this was the first time I stayed in Delta Montreal and I will never never stay in Montreal Delta again even they pay me for it!	
Aug 19 2008 	Good Location	We only paid $99 a night which is a good price for this hotel. I definitely wouldn't pay the regular price of $189. The rooms are a decent size and clean. The beds are pillow top mattresses so they are quite comfortable. The bathroom is typical for a hotel. This hotel does have balconies which is nice. Some rooms have decent views if you are up high enough. The location is convient because you can walk everywhere. The only issues are the expensive parking at $23/night, and the elevators. There are only 3 for 25 floors so it can get a bit ridiculous having to wait if you're higher up. The pool, gym and squash courts seem ok, but we didn't use them.	
Aug 18 2008 	Beware of crime	Beware of crime outside this hotel. I booked a night here as a special treat for my college-bound (McGill U) daughter. We parked on Rue Saint Antoine at 4:30 in the middle of the afternoon directly beside the hotel, checked in, and came out to find our car window smashed and a backpack containing all electronics including new laptop STOLEN. The staff was helpful in terms of cleaning out the broken glass, but the police said this is epidemic. The following morning the police were in the Delta lobby taking a report from guests whose CAR HAD BEEN STOLEN. There is NO external security at this hotel, and visitors are sitting ducks for anonymous property crime. I would not stay here again, ever.	
Aug 7 2008 	Beware of Priceline Scam!	I booked the Delta property through Priceline and received a great rate of 70 dollars a night. I had read previous posts that travelers who had booked on priceline were told when they checked in that the hotel was sold out and to receive a nonsmoking room they could pay an additional 20 dollar charge. I was armed with this knowledge when I checked in.Upon check-in I was also told that the hotel was completely sold out and that in order to receive a nonsmoking room I must pay 20 dollars. They even had a laminated copy of the priceline policy to show me as I complained. I of course paid the 20 dollars and went to my room. The &quot;upgraded&quot; room was a little worn and dated. The wallpaper was coming off the wall and there were cracks in the balcony. I proceeded to call the hotel manager to express my disdain for the 20 dollar fee for the upgraded room. The manager, Genevieve was completely unfriendly and explained again that the hotel was sold out and she was not going to do anything about the fee.I then called reservations to try and book a room at this sold out property. I was told there were plenty of rooms available at the 400 plus room hotel. Hmmmm.Then I called the Delta customer service number that I found in the room and explained the situation and how the staff were lying to us regarding of the sold out status of the hotel. She was outraged and within 30 minutes she had called the hotel spoken with the aforementioned Genevieve. We had the 20 dollar fee removed from our bill, two free buffet breakfasts for the next morning, a bottle of Bordeaux and chocolates were also sent up to the room. They were busted with their priceline scam. It is an ok hotel and worth 70 dollars. If you do book on priceline be prepared to fight that 20 dollar charge! I'm sure they are still. doing it.	
Aug 5 2008 	Excellent Value	Of course not knowing what Hotel I was getting because I booked through Hotwire I was a little nervous. I'd read some not so positive reviews about this hotel, but I decided to see for myself.We took the train into Montreal so our hotel was about a 20 minute walk from the station (5 minutes if you take the metro to McGill). The front lobby was clean and brightly lit and there was a gentleman at the front to offer advice on travelling around montreal. The front staff were pleasant and had no trouble speaking to me in English (my french is quite poor, I didn't want to embarrass myself by even trying), our room was on the 4th floor and had 2 double beds.My first thought was &quot;this hotel has so much space and doesn't know what to do with it&quot;. My only complaint was the room smelled like it had been smoked in before, but it wasn't a strong smell.We didn't venture on to the balcony, but there was quite a bit of space there as well. I had an excellent time at this hotel, it was clean, spacious and the staff were really friendly.	
Jul 31 2008 	Excellent Long Weekend Stay	The Delta Hotel was excellent. The room was well-appointed, clean, great bed &amp; linens, and nice balcony (great view of Mont Royal). Moreover, the staff was great and very accommodating. My partner and I had an excellent 4 night weekend stay. The hotel is outstanding and lived up to expectations. We paid a bit more for a &quot;Signature Room&quot; which included access to a top-floor hospitality suite for breakfast and happy hour. Both were worth the little extra in room rate. I must emphasize the staff were outstanding &amp; made us feel at home ... &amp; made me remember why I love Montreal.	
Jul 30 2008 	Convenient location	We booked our room through Hotwire and after reading the reviews here, were unsure of what to expect. The check-in staff tried to put us in a smoking room but when we requested a non-smoking,she quickly re-assigned us to a non-smoking room. Our room felt spacious and was clean, although the TV could be updated. It must have been one of the renovated rooms. The pool is an odd trapezoid shape which makes it unsuitable to swim laps. The location was convenient -- within walking distance from the train station and also there is an underground connection to the metro. There are plenty of restaurants right around the corner but you would never know from asking the concierge. The concierge tries to steer you to the shops/restaurants within the hotel. This is annoying. Free internet and breakfast are not included, and wireless is not available in the room. But for the price we got, we would probably go back.	
Jul 28 2008 	Good Hotel with a good location.	This is a good downtown hotel on Ave. President Kennedy between the Place d'Artes and McGill metro stops, so it is very easy to get around the city or go to the Underground City. Plus bus #125 stops basically right in front of the hotel which can take you from the Olympic Stadium complex (VAIU metro stop) to the hotel directly. Also the hotel is about 3 blocks off St. Catherine which is good for clubbing and eating...The hotel is very comfortable and spacious in the rooms. Only complaint was there there is a $14 fee for internet in your room, and there is no wireless in the lobby, so you have to wait for the only two computers in the lobby to connect to the internet. This type of hotel should have the whole hotel wireless for free. Also there is no fridge in the room..We also opted not park at the hotel and found parking for $18 for 24 hours at 2020 Universitie. parking garage which is about 2 blocks up.	
Jul 21 2008 	Good Value for the money....	The Delta Montreal is located squarely in Downtown Montreal and VERY close to the METRO and an easy starting point for just about any field trip you can imagin in Montreal. The hotel is clean, well staffed and equipped. Overall, a good value for the money (depending on your rate).HOTEL OVERVIEW:The facilities are good. Arrival was painless. First impression of the hotel was clean and well maintained with an attractive lobby area that was well marked with signs and easily managed with luggage. Parking was easy (we self-parked) and came right up the elevator into the hotel lobby from the inside. Front Desk staff were pleasant and friendly and assisted with everything we needed upon arrival. We took up our own bags so bell-service was not used (nor offered oddly enough).ROOM:I was on the 19th Floor in a superior room, smoking with two full-sized bed (room 1919). The room was a good size for two people but I could not imagine a family of four being comfortable. The little balcony was great but it needed a could of chairs and a small table so your could enjoy it. I would have loved to sit out there and have breakfast and a coffee but there is not furniture out there. There was only one chair in the room due to the space limitations obviously. I think King rooms have two chairs. The photos are size-misleading so that was a surprise. The overall impression was that the room was dated (except for the beds). The green carpeting, old style TV and mis-matched, falling apart lamps that were chipped and wobbly gave the impression of a motel decor rather than a full-service hotel. The furniture, decor and fixtures could use a soft-goods upgrade. The bed was extremely comfortable so that was a nice surprise. The bathroom was dated as well with formica counters, 70's sink, bad lighting and tub/shower combination. Maybe I've gotten spoiled but it also gave the impression of a motel bathroom (utilitarian and clean but not much else). FACILITIES:We went swimming and used the hot tub in the pool area. It was clean, well maintained and pleasant to use. I didn't use the gym part so I can't comment on that. We stopped by the spa and looked around. It was well staffed but a bit overpriced ($30 CD for a manicure) but if you need a service, they have it available.STAFF:We used the Concierge a few times but often his suggestions failed to impress. The first night we asked for something close and he sent us to an Italian restaurant around the corner. While close, the food was not very good but okay. He was unfamiliar with a few restaurants I asked about (Les Halles is one example). He also stated that the buffet at the casino was open 24/7 however that also was not the case as they stop serving at 10:30PM. One would expect he would know that, as well as other details about major tourist attractions. He had to look online for restaurants, ect. which lead me to believe he lacked personal knowledge of a good concierge and instead relied on the internet or a program to guide his suggestions.The housekeeping staff and reception staff were all friendly and helpful. I was pleased on both ends with their service and friendly hello.Overall, I would return to the Delta Montreal but only if the rate was good (we paid $166 per night AAA rate). They didn't WOW me in any particular way but they didn't turn me off either. I would only suggest they upgrade/update the rooms to match the public areas of the hotel, train their concierges and allow more personal experience with tourist areas and restaurants so their advice is from personal experience and not a computer program used to guide them.	
Jul 19 2008 	Love the information	Very friendly atmosphere. The employees were great. Very comfortable bed and quiet for sleeping. They have a excellent guide person to help you out with maps and information. I would stay again there. Nancy Gomula from Amsterdam, N.Y.	
Jul 18 2008 	Great location for Jazz Festival	After reading the reviews about the Delta, I was uncertain about staying there or the Holiday inn which was next door ( back entrance or back of building). 2-3 weeks later I had not decide, until 2 days before. The Delta is not a chain I am familiar with and was not interested in being disappointed.  In the end ,I was not disappointed at All. Thanks to this site, I knew the 2 computers downstairs would be in use most of the time. I knew Old Montreal was a 15 minute walk, not 30 unless we were sightseeing along the way. The location was 2 blocks from the Jazz festivals. Do not worry about the noise. We heard nothing from our hotel room on the 7th floor (720, i think). The room had 2 double beds, TV, 2 chairs, dresser, and computer desk. Iron and board with suitcase rack. Bathroom was good size with thick towels and shampoos, etc. Beds were comfortable enough to fall asleep with 3 pillows. The room had a balcony with no chairs but a used cigarette on the ground. There is no lock box. I did not smell any smoke in the room...so I thank whoever for smoking outside. The lobby, restaurants, and conference areas are well maintained and looks very well. I was pleased with the initial apperance of the hotel. We did not eat in the hotel because room service was EXPENSIVE. For breakfast, we ate next door to the hotel ...for 4.95 canadian...2 eggs, home fries, sausage or ham, baked beens and toast, with fruits, and coffee or tea. The restaurant was in lotto building. You can enter it from sherbrooke, diagonal from the hyatt coutyard. For lunch, if you like indian food, this buffet , Buffet Samrat, will have you forget about your diet. 9.95 for lunch, 12...for dinner (71 STE Catherine ouest, between clark and sturbain). For Dinner, try the Fusion de L'Orient, in Old Montreal 22 St. paul est. 514-879-4678. they have fixed prices salad or soup, main course, and coffee or tea. $16-23; Along with regular priced dishes. I do not remember if desert was included...besides we were too full to eat another bite. The service, food presentation, drinks were excellent. My server Peggy was polite and patient. Spoke perfect english for a native Montreal-er. They searved seafood and other dishes. I was into seafood only and was not dissappointed.You can walk up to Mont royal park from the hotel on Bluery to avenue du parc. No need for a car. we walked a lot. The subway was easy to navigate. The subway/metro/underground was 2-3 block away entrance in Baie department store. The hotel was $109 plus their 2 taxes per night. Local, and 800 calls are free if you sign up for a Delta priviledge card. Ther is a reasonable price Spa, and a good sized fitness center. I did not notice the pool, neither of us was interested in swimming over sightseeing. There was a boxing convection on the 2nd floor conference areas. However, no fights were reported. The hotel is a 4 star because of the spa. You are close to shopping, dining and everything you can imagine. Yes, I would stay at this hotel again. I prefer the Omni Mont Royal, but we can't have everything.Happy travels	
Jul 9 2008 	Not Bad	I was actuallly forced to stay here for a business trip so I had no idea what to expect when I arrived. It was very convenient for me because the conference was in the same hotel. I found that the staff was very nice right when I stepped out of the cab. My room was fairly large for one person (and I had two beds to choose from!). I can't say the bed was heavenly but it was ok to sleep in. I had a nice view of the city. The location of this hotel is walking distance to the main streets. I walked several blocks around the hotel and ran into several stores to shop in (like the Bay), grocery stores and plenty of restaurants. I did not really need a car since the reason for my stay was in the same hotel. It felt safe to walk around Downtown Montreal. Room service was quite pricey but the service is excellent. For business travelers, there is a business center and internet hook-up in the rooms. I would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 8 2008 	Beware	When booking this hotel they do not tell you that the parking is $22 per day and at that rate you expect some sort of security however our car was vandalized in hotel garage. The room was large which was nice as well as the bathroom. I would avoid using their hairdryers since it turned flaming hot, sent sparks flying in my face and started smoking. We reported the car and hairdryer incidents and as far as the car they gave us back what we paid in parking ( does not cover the damage). So BEWARE - bring your own hairdryer and either rent a car and make sure you have vandalism coverage or use taxis. I will seek another hotel if I ever decide to go back.	
Jul 5 2008 	Great Location	Pros:Hotel is in a great location -- close to Metro stations, underground shopping, walk to Old Port. Montreal is small and easy to get around -- no need to rent a car unless you want to go out of the city.Cons:Room service is incredibly expensive ...because of all the taxes &amp; service fees, our $24 snack ended up costing $48. Better to ask for a refrigerator in your room ($20 per stay) and buy at a local grocery store.	
May 29 2008	A "nice" place ... but definitely better places to be found	Before heading out to Montreal, we knew very little about the city (other than what you read in guidebooks). We didn't know anyone who had been there so we made our plans as best we could.The hotel itself is perfectly fine. It's basically an upscale Holiday Inn -- clean, comfortable, moderately priced, etc. It's located very close to the Modern Art museum as well as McGill university. While I have nothing bad to say about the hotel itself, I don't think we would stay there again. The next time we go to Montreal (and we loved the city enough that there probably will be a next time), we're definitely staying in the older part of town. Most of the really interesting sights are down there and while it's not a bad walk from the Delta (about 30-40 minutes), a more central location would have been nicer. The Delta is very close to the main shopping district so if that's something you're into then the Delta would be a good choice.	
May 27 2008 	Very Pleased with the Delta Montreal	My wife and I stayed at the Delta Montreal from May 24, 2008 to May 27, 2008 in room 1110. Overall we were very pleased with our stay and would definitely stay here again.About a week before we arrived I mailed the hotel a letter requesting a non-smoking room on a high floor that was recently renovated. When we arrived we got exactly what we requested (the 11th floor was the highest floor for the type of room we stayed in). Check-in only took a minute and there was almost no wait to check in at about 2:30 pm. The hotel was in a great location, halfway between Mont Royal Park and Old Montreal and amidst all the large skyscrapers. The walk to Old Montreal was only about 10 minutes. The Place Des Arts subway station was a 1 minute walk down the street, which we took to Casino de Montreal and where I won $103 playing blackjack (yeah for me!).The room was very large and spacious. I could tell it wasn’t renovated yesterday, but still looked very clean. The beds were very comfortable and had a large assortment of pillows. Our room had its own balcony. The television had about 35 channels to choose from, which came in crystal clear. Half the channels were in French, but they still had CNN, TLC, NBC, CBS, ABC, ESPN, Discovery, a local Vermont affiliate, and some other channels. The room also came with a work desk and some sofa chairs. The noise from the AC was very minimal and I was not able to hear any of the guests in the adjacent rooms. The room also had cordless phones.The bathroom was nice, but not spectacular. The sink had a lot of counter space and our complimentary shampoo, conditioner, and body lotion were replaced every day. The shower worked fine, but the tub seemed a bit small. We had at least three large towels every day and about 4-5 smaller towels. The bathroom also had an extending vanity mirror.We used the indoor pool and hot tub area every day. We did not go into the pool and preferred the hot tub instead. The pool water was a little too cold for my liking, but I saw plenty of adults and kids swim in the pool so it must not have been too bad. I appreciated the fact that the pool area was open until 9:00 pm every night. There was also a fitness center and squash court that we did not use. There were also two computers available that had free internet access. There was a free newspaper every morning delivered to our door and maid service was excellent. The staff was friendly and helpful. We called for a Chinese food restaurant recommendation and they called us back within a few minutes. Everyone was polite and spoke English. There is a supermarket on Rue Bleury due east on the tourist map (north in reality) and a nice little bakery called La Patisserie Belge just one block past that where we purchased croissants and bread every morning. Across the street is a Second Cup Café (the Canadian Starbucks) that had a nice outside seating area. Be forewarned, there is graffiti in the area adjacent to the hotel. Graffiti, however, seems to be rampant all over Montreal, even on nice buildings in nice areas. Therefore, don’t think you’re in a bad/unsafe part of Montreal just because you see a lot of graffiti. We felt completely safe walking all around Montreal, day or night. There were some minor issues with our stay. The room did not have a refrigerator and we were not able to get a queen-sized bed, but two full beds instead. The pool water could have been warmer, the windows on the balcony were not clean, and they could have had a much better selection of tourist-related information pamphlets. Only the even-numbered floors had ice machines. The odd-numbered floors had Coke vending machines. The carpets in the hallways need to be replaced badly. The restaurants in Old Montreal were a bit pricey. We recommend Peel Pub on Peel Street. The food there was very good, very affordable, and came with huge portions. If you’re on a budget, it’s a great way to save money, get a great meal, and have leftovers to bring back to the room.I do not know the exact price of the room per night as I purchased a vacation package on Expedia for 4 days/3 nights, roundtrip airfare for two from NYC, fees, and taxes for $958.00. I guess we paid less than $90.00 per night. This was not the Ritz or Four Seasons, but it was a great value for a very good hotel. We would definitely stay here again. Marc T. Hardekopf	
May 22 2008 	Be aware	Be aware that if you book through priceline you are 'only' going to get 'smoking' room. During checkin they are going to offer an upgrade to 'Deluxe non smoking' room. I asked, and was told they only have very few non smoking room available at Priceline.com rate. I suspect they don't have any. Parking is CAD 23/night over here. You can find cheaper parking if you drive around, or street parking if you are over the weekend. Hotel is nicely located, and St. Catherine street is walking distance. So if you plan to stay out, and just sleep in the hotel, this is good choice.	
Apr 24 2008 	Needs restoration	I stayed in the Delta Montreal for three days on business. My company booked it because they had negotiated a cheap rate.On the positive side, my room was large and had a nice view of McGill College and the hill above it. I can't comment on the location, since I didn't get to go to any major sights, but one of my colleagues kept saying that the &quot;real Montreal&quot; was on the east side near Park Ave., but that we would have to drive to get there.On the negative side, the room really needed restoration. As other reviews have pointed out, the carpeting was dingy, stained, and threadbare. The wallpaper in my bathroom was peeling badly. And several items did not work properly - beginning with a fairly important one: the toilet. I actually had to reach into the tank to fix the stopper a couple of times before calling maintenance. I didn't like what I saw inside the tank - rust-covered, brown, old. They sent someone up, who fixed it, but left marks on the floor from his shoes or tools. The bathtup faucet also had a slight leak. One other maintenance issue: the hallway of my &quot;non-smoking&quot; floor (20th) smelled of cigars.The appliances also had issues. The TV had bad reception - most of the people sounded like they were speaking French! (Just kidding.) Seriously, the picture was fuzzy/snowy on most channels. Finally, the coffee maker took about half an hour to brew 4 small cups - I asked them to replace it, but the next day it was just as slow, so I think they forgot. Not the end of the world, but when you need your morning coffee before a business meeting, you don't want to wait. My only other complaint is that they wanted to charge me $20 to &quot;rent&quot; a small refrigerator. I've recently stayed in Marriott hotels in London and New York (5th Ave. in Manhattan) -- where you would expect fees for everything -- but those hotels did not charge me for this service, so I would think a hotel in Montreal could be just as generous. Apparently not.The hotel also was less than generous about its towels and soaps. My bathroom was stocked with only two bath towels and one bar of soap that was supposed to serve for both sink and shower.One last thing: The hotel boasts of a large workout facility, and the picture on its Web site looks great, but it's really a very small, narrow workout room, with older equipment that is jammed together, and the weight training equipment is separated by the aerobic equipment, so if you get on the treadmill, you have to watch the weightlifters pace back and forth in front of you to get to their various pieces of equipment. Not a big deal, but just be aware that the workout facilities are not as expansive as advertised.	
Mar 26 2008 	Average at best	My husband and I booked a trip to Montreal, March 22-25 as we found a very inexpensive flight to Montreal and we booked this hotel through Hotwire which indicated this was a 3.5 hotel rating.This hotel is a 2.5 at best. The room we were given was in need of renovation. The carpet was worn, the bathroom sink dripped, the heat in the room didn't work correctly. The bed wasn't comfortable and only had 2 pillows. Most 3.5 hotels have at least 4 pillows without asking for them.The food was overpriced and we ended up walking downtown for our meals. Being close and within walking distance to the downtown stores/restaurants was a huge plus. If you wanted to have internet access in your room it was $13/day which I feel was on the high end for this service. However, if you timed it right, you could use one of the two computers they had in the business center for free.When we checked out we were asked how our stay was and when I said okay I was asked why just ok. So I ended up saying we booked this hotel based on the 3.5 rating and she said we could have been upgraded to a better room (Delta room) for $20+ per night. In my opinion, if you book a 3.5 hotel the room should be a 3.5 and not have to pay additional money to get the 3.5 room. I guess this is where I probably won't book through Hotwire.Overal I felt this hotel was average at best	
Mar 5 2008 	Overall a very nice hotel but the extras are expensive	My girlfriend and I stayed at this hotel for a weekend trip to Montreal.The Pros:Location is great, close to all the excitement downtown. Service was also excellent, we received good tourist-type advice from the hotel staff, and everyone we met in the hotel was pleasant. For $73/night, the room we had was great, on a non-smoking floor as requested. Nice pool and hot tub in the hotel, and free copy of the Saturday Globe and Mail was delivered to our hotel room.The Cons:Internet access in the hotel room is not free, which was disappointing. Parking at the hotel is $22.50/night, which we avoided by using 24 parking at the nearby National Archive library. However, because we couldn't pay for an entire weekend of parking at once, we got nailed with a $25 parking ticket because we were delayed in returning to the parking garage to pay for the 2nd 24-hour time period. Still cheaper than using the hotel's parking though. We also got billed $1.50 for a single local telephone call in the hotel room. Nothing comes free these days I guess ;) The only other issue we had was that our taxi driver from the hotel to take us to the biodome was very rude, but I'm not sure how closely affiliated with the hotel he was.Overall, great place, just watch the costs for the little extras. Recommend that tourists learn somewhat of the subway system, as it's efficient and cheap, and will take you most places downtown.	
Mar 3 2008	Very much in need of renovations	Unless you can book this hotel for 89 dollars and dont mind some problems, it is better to pass on it. This hotel is several years past neeeding a renovation.. Worn and dirty carpets, drapes and bedspreads make it feel like an old hotel from the 70s or 80s. We were given a room on the 6th floor but after I complained about the condition, they moved us to the 16th. At least that room had new mattresses and the correct level of duvet and linens one would expect at a Delta. One of the worst hotels of that catagory in Montreal..	
Feb 3 2008 	Very happy with our stay at the Delta	My husband and I thoroughly enjoyed our weekend getaway at the Delta. We have stayed at Delta Hotel in Toronto so felt comfortable booking in Montreal. The staff were very friendly and helpful and the room was clean and had a nice view of St. Catherine's Street.The location is great especially if you are looking to walk to Chinatown, Old Montreal and St.Catherines Street. Many restaurants and stores close by.We will definately return!	
Jan 25 2008 	Good Moderate Hotel	We stayed one night in a room on the Club level. The room was very comfortable and nicely decorated. It looked like it had been recently renovated and, because it was a Club room, it had upgraded amenities and features like free wireless internet. The location was great, right in the heart of the city but this made for expensive parking. It was abou $20/day to park and the underground lot was always very full and very hard to park in because the spots were tiny. The front of the hotel wasn't very welcoming because there wasn't a driveway or anything so it was kind of awkward if you wanted to let passengers out in front because you had to just block traffic.But good service, good quality accommodations and great value for money.	
Jan 7 2008 	Delta Montreal nice hotel great location	Visited Montreal for both a personal visit and business. Very nice room - very spacious. A bit outdated but very clean, large washroom. Most ammenties were up to date including the bed, TV, desk and furniture.Pool and hot tub were good sized, clean and were not crowded.The location is ideal as it is only a three block walk to both McGill and Place des Arts Metro stations. Very close to McGill University as well as Ste. Catherine Street, one of the main shopping streets.Staff were friendly and fluently bilingual. Small tuck shop.Would definitely visit again.	
Jan 6 2008 	Honnest	We found a great price on Travelzoo for a room on the executive fllor with breakfast and happy hour. We liked the hotel; great location, friendly service and advice, clean room, ...But we agree with the other review: be aware of the parking, do not pay it through the hotel.	
Dec 30 2007 	Bad Service	The staff was very rude throughout the stay. We went on a family vacation and had several issues: room not ready, swimming pool closed, room not cleaned properly. We actually found a bunch of condoms in the dresser and when we complained the staff told us that they would have to &quot;verify&quot; the incident and get back to us b/c they said that we could be making it up!! Not even an apology! That obviously led me to wonder what other cleaning shortcuts were taken....The restaurant was ok. The food was decent - I do not recommend the breakfast buffet, it is overpriced for what you get. Both times we ate there, they were short staffed and would close a portion of the restauarant which resulted in a giant line to be seated. No valet service for parking, You park your own car around the block. Overall, I would stay somewhere else for the price.	
Dec 24 2007 	Good Hotel but needs to be moderized	The Delta Montreal is a clean hotel that offers great service and a very friendly staff. It is located within a block of the subway and is central to most things that tourists would want to do. The staff is very friendly and helpful. The hotel is getting up there and can use alittle moderizing. I stayed in the club floor and had a great view of the city and of Mont Royal. It was a great experience and I plan on returning in the spring.	
Nov 28 2007 	Wonderful stay	We stayed at the Delta on Monday, November 26. I had gotten the room for a very low $63 U.S. ($81 taxes included) on Priceline so was not expecting much. We were, in fact, delightfully surprised. I had e-mailed the hotel the week before requesting a non-smoking, two bedded room, on the sixth floor or higher, but from previous reviews was doubtful that I would get what I wanted. We arrived at noon prepared to store our luggage for a while, as check-in wasn’t until 3 p.m. However, not only were we given a room immediately but it was what I had asked for and more. It was a corner room, one of the biggest I have seen, very well appointed, and spotless. (I’m attaching some photos.)Even though there is a busy road close to the hotel, the traffic noise was barely audible, so we spent a very relaxing night in a very comfortable bed. We appreciated the in-room coffee making facilities and the morning paper. My husband had a good work-out in the gym. The front-desk staff were efficient and courteous, and we thoroughly enjoyed our stay. Getting back to Dorval next morning was easy with the Place des Arts metro station just a block away.Highly recommended.	
Nov 12 2007 	Great Hotel Great Location Great Deal	I think the other poster followed my lead on the Priceline bidding but I was a little more lucky and satisfied. I bid and won this hotel for $80 with tax and fees. It was a total steal. I went to check in, they only had smoking rooms and I was too early anyway. However, when I came back, a non-smoking room opened up and I got it! Anyway, location is really good - right behind the Bay - they had a great lounge, pool and workout room. My room was on the sixth floor, no balcony, nice view, lots of room, good toiletries and very clean. The furnishings weren't very new but for $80 bucks, who cares! Finally, I found indoor parking nearby for virtually nothing. Overall, a great experience.	
Nov 11 2007 	smokey floor	Booked a room there on Priceline for 83$US all tax included. The location is great, close to McGill and Place des Arts Stations, walking distance to Ste-Catherine and Mont-Royal Park. The gym was a plus, so was the pool.However, for the price we paid, there was only rooms on the 3rd floor, the smoking floor. And let me tell you, it reeked. At first, it wasnt too bad, but after a while, it became a bit sickening. For 25$ more, we could have been on the higher floor.The room itself was decent, the bed very confortable, and the bathroom clean. No complaints. So, if you are sensitive to smoke, dont hesitate to pay the 25$ extra for the upgrade.	
Nov 5 2007	Cheap Price and Quality	my room was run down, but clean. I got a great price last minute over Labor Day weekend. Friendly staff. Very large room, centrally located.	
Oct 11 2007 	Great deal	Very nice sized rooms, huge bathrooms. Close to all attactions but very quiet. Very clean with exceptionally comfortable beds.Only downside it is becoming dated, could use an update but great deal for the price.	
Sep 19 2007 	Fine hotel in a central location	Stayed at the Delta Montreal Sept 14-16. Booked via Hotwire for a cheap rate and ended up with a 6th floor room. I could have paid an additional $25/night for a upper (17th) floor, but chose not to.I was given once of the smallest (according to the evacuation map on the door) room, which was still quite large. No balcony, but giving on a quiet street and I was at the end of the hallway, so it was very quiet. Very large washroom and 2 double beds. The sheets are standard hotel style, nothing fancy like in the upper renovated room. But still fine.TV was fine with about 35 channels and there were 2 phone (one of which was cordless).Did not have any meals at the hotel. I had breakfast at &quot;Chez Cora&quot; a few blocks away for amazing crepes and eggs.Location is great, right behind the Bay. Parking is $22.50/day. Park elsewhere if you can.	
Sep 12 2007 	Stay on the 21-23 floor for a treat.	Due to last minute travel arrangements I stayed in two different rooms at this hotel. The staff offered to arrange for me to stay in the first room for the week but I was curious to see what the upgraded business room was so I opted to change rooms. All rooms have a balcony looking out over the area which is a great touch. The first room I stayed in was was on the 17th floor. I had a non-smoking room with a king sized bed. There was a dresser, TV, cordless phone, clock radio, robe, iron and board, bottled water, chocolates on the pillow, weather card on the pillow to let me know how it would be the next day. There was also a desk wtih a lamp and office chair.I went for the buffet breakfast the following morning. It reminded me of a resort breakfast with plenty of fresh fruit, cheeses, hot waffles with maple syrup, eggs, meats, cold and hot cereals, fresh juices, teas and coffees.The second night I was on the 21st floor. The 21 to the 23rd floors can only be accessed by room card in the elevator. Those floors have access to a help-yourself breakfast on the 23rd as well as happy hour snacks from 5-7 pm. Drinks are extra and billed to your room. The breakfast here was fresh juices, individual tea and coffee, yogurt, waffles with maple syrup, fruit, cheeses and pate. It was plenty for me. If you are a growing teenage boy and want a big, big hot breakfast you may want to go to the buffet. I liked the quiet of the 23rd floor. There is a table on the balcony for you to use when the weather is pleasant. This breakfast is mostly business people reading their paper or quietly texting.The second room had a larger washroom with extra items like body wash. The main room had a sitting area with two chairs, a small table and desk. The office table was large with a comfy office chair, lamp and a bamboo plant. It was a lovely room. I received a Globe and Mail in the morning. There were two cordless phones, alternating chocolates or truffles on the pillow, weather card, nifty iPod capable stereo alarm, robes, iron and board, dresser.I enjoyed both rooms and do recommend staying there. The regular room was great and you will be happy there. Give yourself a treat and stay on the 21-23rd floors for upgraded features, breakfast and happy hour snacks.	
Sep 11 2007 	Great Location !	We booked this hotel through Hotwire so the price was greatly discounted making this hotel a fantastic value. It could easily pass for a 4-star. The good: Pleasant and helpful staff, clean, spacious and comfortable rooms, balcony, front desk open 24/7, concierge service, free computers with internet access open 24/7 as well, Spa with various facial and massage services available, above average fitness center (this one is loaded with cardio and weight machines, not your typical chain hotel fitness room !), pool is a salt-water pool (much healthier alternative to chlorine), there is a nice child play area in the Spa, and best of all the location is superb, within walking distance from many of the hot spots, one block from great shopping, a few blocks from the &quot;underground city&quot;, one block from the subway. The bad: Since our room was discounted through Hotwire, we didn't have a choice of smoking or non and we were not advised of this until we arrived. Thankfully they had a non-smoking room available because we got there early (4PM). There are only 2 computers in the business center and they are busy a lot of the times, the breakfast buffet was way overpriced ($48 for 2) and the food was below average, the fitness center had lots of newer machines but was a little cramped. Overall, we had a great experience there and highly recommend this hotel, especially if you can get a discounted price !!	
Aug 31 2007 	Enjoyed the stay	We got a great deal for $129/night two doubles and a free upgrade (higher floor, free high speed internet)Aug 14 and 15... check in was quick, parked in the basement for $22.50 (canadian)/ night... I agreed with the reviewer before me... they could've done something more to the balcony... it's all gray... why didn't they put a coupla chairs and a table or something? The worst thing was that the bathroom drain wasn't working so whenever we showered the dirty water just pooled at our feet. Since we were only staying two nights, we didn't want to change rooms, pack, and move... oh yes, there's no fridge ... that sucked... we just used the recycling bin and filled it up with ice...	
Aug 28 2007 	Not Up to Standards	There was an emergency in the city so most of the area near the hotel was closed by the police. We later found out that cracks were found in the metro near our hotel so streets were closed to ensure safety. Once we were able to get access to our hotel, it was very late. When we arrived it was near midnight. We checked in and went to our room. We were shocked at how small it was. My wife had stayed there before and told me that she had never had a room this small. air conditioning did not work. We arrived during a heat wave around midnight. We went to our room and noticed that the air conditioning was not working. We read the book the hotel provided regarding changing the temperature. We did as it said and still no air conditioning. We called the front desk who told us that they would send someone up to reset the a/c. The man came, said that the balcony door was not closed properly and that he felt cool air coming out of the vent (located near the ceiling). The room was near 80 degrees. He said that there was no need to reset the a/c. We waited - no a/c. We left the room to wait for it to cool off. It never did. We spent the next day out, returned back - still air conditioning not working. Called front desk again. My wife was threatening to sleep in the hall where it was cool. They sent up another man who RESET the air conditioner and it then worked. Big help since we lost almost 2 nights of sleep. I wish that the front desk had made a follow up call to make sure the problem was fixed the FIRST time.	
Aug 23 2007	central location makes up for any shortcomings	Do you ever visit a hotel, and think, &quot;if they only changed it a bit, it would be much better....&quot;? That's how I feel about this hotel.Very clean hotel, great, spacious rooms. Bathroom had everything we needed. Great central location. We walked everywhere. Close enough to the shopping streets, the outer neighborhoods, a supermarket, and cafes/restaurants. Newspaper in front of the door, complimentary bottle of water daily. The TV was fine.Here's the &quot;if they only changed it&quot; part:The hotel &quot;spa&quot; was nearly a joke. We particularly chose this hotel because it had a pool and hot tub. The pool was salt water, which I still find a bit weird, and a bit too cold. They had a sauna which was lukewarm at best. The hot tub was not hot at all, and the jets didn't work. It would have been ok (maybe not really) if they'd just said &quot;hot tub out of order&quot;, but they said, the first day we'd gotten there, that it would be checked by an attendant. I even got a call from the manager later that day that it was fixed. We tried again. It wasn't fixed. Another afternoon we wanted to take a quick swim between sightsseeing, and the pool was close for a couple of hours, as they were having a water aerobics class for spa (not hotel guests) members. What kind of $*@# is this? That is totally the wrong way to treat guests. At that point, either complain, complain, complain, or let it be, and move on. We let it be. Next time, we won't be so nice.Here's the easiest way to fix a hotel like this:Put a bowl of fruit in the lobby for guests. Trust me, it would have made us happier. Have your staff acknowledge the guests when they come and go. (That's a no-brainer.). And if there are two guests in the room, have 2 bottles of water... And if every room comes with a balcony, would it rock the budget to put a chair or two in the balcony? There was nothing there, just a place to stand.... And it's great that they have clock radios, but ours was probably about 15 years old. And if you advertise a spa, make it good.Other than that, enjoy Montreal. It's a fun, pleasant city to visit.	
Aug 22 2007 	Cannot beat the location - plus good quality	We stayed at the Delta in August, which in my opinion is the best time to visit Montreal. The students haven't arrived quite yet but the businesses are gearing up for their arrival and the weather is great. There is an air of anticipation in the city.  I had never been to Montreal before. It is not quite the Parisian outpost you might have heard it is but it does have a French flavor. You can watch the Simpsons in French and then watch the Simpsons in English an hour or two later! There is even a soap opera on television every day at 6 in Italian and some Italian programming to entertain the Italian population. This hotel is in a great location. They give you directions to walk 'a few blocks' and you can - but those are very large blocks! Luckily, there are some lovely Metro stations nearby and you can get everywhere by Metro. The room was very spacious. We had two double beds. Not the dreamy comfy mattresses that we recently slept in at the Marriott in New York but comfy enough to get a good nights sleep. The bathroom was also very large and the water pressure good and the water hot.  We worked out in the fitness room, which was perfectly fine. We did so much shopping (excellent shopping!) and sight seeing, that I didn't have time to try the salt water indoor pool at the hotel but I could see that there was almost always a guest there swimming laps. The hotel restaurant looked good but as most hotel restos, a little pricey. We went out for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Montreal has thousands of restaurants and I wish I had the time to visit even a tenth of them! Some criticism: the room did not have a safe. The carpet was a bit rumpled. We had a balcony with a view of the city but it seemed a little bit old though sturdy. The view was spectacular! Lots of skyscrapers yes, but also the hills in the distance and several interesting buildings that were not skyscrapers. Very dramatic at night. There was a coffemaker in the room, something I always appreciate, along with the free Globe and Mail newspaper delivered to the room every day. The lobby had the Montreal daily newspapers, both French language and English, free to guests. There was also a magazine kiosk in the lobby.  It was a very pleasant stay. I appreciated the dining suggestions from the concierge: La Caveu down the street and Blanc a few blocks over. We enjoyed both restaurants and would not have known about them otherwise. The clientele is international - I met Italians, Germans and Englishmen in the elevators.	
Aug 15 2007 	Wonderful hotel	Elegent, clean, well located. Stayed there for three days. 1) Very spacious. Front deck upgraded me to 22nd floor. Hugh room with a walkout deck overlooks part of Downtown Montreal.2) Soft comtemporary deco3) free daily newspaper, candy, water.4) Very clean and comfortable bed. Not the typical cheap and dirty blanket you will find in most other hotel.5) Attentative staff6) didn't get the chance to use the gym, but looks nice and functional.7) located right in downtown, 3 blocks walk to Metro.8) Willing to accommodate customer's need to check out late.Things I wish would be different1) Kinda pricy with no breakfast included. but hotels are not cheap in Montreal this time of year anyway.2) No free parking. Paid 22.5$/day3) Gym closed too early at 9:00 PM	
Aug 6 2007 	Great Location Decent Hotel	The beds were comfortable and the room was spacious and clean. The hotel staff was nice and were fluent in English. The only downfall was that the elevators were very slow. I believe that there are only 3 elevators for the 20 plus floor hotel and it tends to get congested in the elevator waiting area during peak times of day. I had meetings at the Convention Center and it was only a short walk.	
Jul 22 2007 	Not bad at all	We stayed here for 2 nights as part of a tour. It is a good hotel, reasonably well located for shops and about a 30 minute walk to Old Montreal. The room was very spacious and well equipped and the buffet breakfast was good too. Not really a place to get excited about but clean and the service was good. They arranged for my wife's watch to be sent over to England when she left it behind. Overall, we were disappointed with Montreal. The Son Et Lumiere events at Notre Dame Basilica are well worth a visit though.	
Jul 20 2007 	Good Stay :) Great location!!	This is the third time I have stayed here and I will be back.Check in is quick and easy, staff is very quick to help you out with directions or restaurants reccomendations. Housekeeping kept the room spic and span, yes it is an older hotel starting to show the age but it is kept up very well. The rooms are quite large and very clean. I find the beds to be on par with The Westin's heavenly beds and slept very well for the week I was there. I never used the restaurant not the gym so can not comment on those..sorry. Location of this hotel is stellar :) So close to St.Catherine's and a quick cab to Old Montreal.	
Jul 14 2007	Nice place w/friendly staff -- but two BIG flaws need to be fixed...	Overall, this is a nice place -- you get what you pay for. The rooms are quite spacious, which is a nice change from hotels that cram every open area with either more furniture or a wall (so they can put in another room). The staff were very friendly and did what pretty much every other human being does: if you're friendly to them, they'll be friendly to you. I'm betting that a lot of the people posting reviews who had evil staff experiences engineered a lot of the tension, directly or indirectly.The location was great -- very close to either McGill or Place Des Arts Metro stations. Unlike Toronto, the Montreal metro is extremely convenient and very well planned (i.e. you can actually use it to...go places that you want to go). There are only 2 real problems with this place:1. The self-described &quot;Business Centre&quot; isn't. It's a couple of (very, very dirty) desktop computers in a room that is actually smaller than the hotel room. It's not a centre at all -- it's more of an &quot;internet kiosk&quot;, like the kind you'd find at the library. This is (probably) okay if you're just checking your email, but if you actually want to conduct business then don't be fooled by the title of this little room. You will be unable to conduct any real business here, so don't count on it.2. The idea that you have to pay for in-room Internet is as TACKY as it gets. I have actually been in hotels in the 3rd world -- places where most people couldn't afford a laptop if they saved for years -- that offered free wifi. Why? Because it's just a basic staple. It's not a luxury anymore -- it's as basic as a telephone or TV cable. This hotel, however, weasels around this and charges something like $15 a day for Internet access. Why? Not because they have to offset the cost -- their Internet cost is fixed, like their TV cable. They're charging it because, evidently, it's a cash cow and people are willing to pay. This is just tacky. Overall, $15 a day is very little, but the idea of it lingers -- it's just bad PR and Delta Montreal should be ashamed of this. (By the way, for those of you who have the Rogers portable wireless, it works very nicely from the hotel rooms.)	
Jun 19 2007 	Delta Hotel is very convenient	We have stayed at the Delta many times. It is especially convenient to McGill University where our daughter was a student for 4 years. She has graduated and is no longer in Montreal but we chose the Delta again any way. It has free internet in the rooms! We had a king size bed with many pillows and a fluffy comforter. It is clean and well kept up. It is a reasonable walk to Vieux Montreal and everything we wanted to do. In addition the Metro is very convenient. We will stay there again when we return to Montreal.	
Jun 5 2007 	Delta Montreal -- Good location comfortable room	The Delta Montreal is a well located property. Rue St. Catherine, Crescent, Denis, Laurent, and Vieux Montreal are all within walking distance. The rooms are large for this type of &quot;chain&quot; hotel, and each is uniquely shaped in an angular fashion to make the most of the space and large windows. The room had two chairs, one being a wheeled desk chair that reclined. There is a patio on each room, but it is just a concrete slab. Linens were fine in our standard room, however, the deluxe rooms do have better plush comforters. The bathroom was rather large, but nothing fancy. There were a few spots on the fixtures and door hardware showing the property's age. However, housekeeping was fantastic and the room was spotless each day. The fitness center and aquatics facility do leave something to be desired. The hot tub jets did not function, even after visits by the maintenance staff. The salt water pool was nice, but is more suited to lap swimming than family vacations. There were times that the pool could not be used by hotel guests, as aquatics classes were taking place. The pool showed much wear and could use a sprucing up. There is no real concierge, so if you are in need of those services, you may wish to stay elsewhere. The front desk and bell staff were helpful. I recommend this hotel if you want to be close to most of the city neighborhoods and want a clean, comfortable hotel with a pool. Those looking for special pampering or a charming property should probably go elsewhere.	
May 29 2007 	Solid Hotel - Will Stay Again	Having read mixed reviews from other posters, I did not know what to expect.But, I was pleasantly surprised. We had two doubles for my family of four. The room was a good size and clean.I called housekeeping upon arrival to request an extra set of towels, and it was in the bathroom when we returned to the room later that afternoon.The bathroom was also a good size. But, be careful, the hot water is scalding and the water pressure is strong as I found myself getting water all over the counter.There must have been some construction next to the hotel in the past because a new condo just went up, but it has been completed.We had breakfast at L’Aroma; it was the standard eggs, bacon, sausage, pastries, cereal and fruits buffet.The hotel does not have a concierge desk, but the valet and front-desk staff were very friendly and helpful.The room did not have a mini-bar/fridge, but there is a supermarket close by (one block east and one block north) – “Provigo” with reasonable prices. We actually got a rotisserie chicken there and ate it in our room.The gym and pool were the standard size for a hotel: some free weights, some weight machines, and a few treadmills. It also had 1 squash court. We did not try the pool but apparently they have converted it to a salt-water pool: it is supposed to be less harsh on the skin.I was disappointed with the size and quality of the children activity centre. The centre is part of the gym/pool area. It is about 100 square feet big with a Nintendo, some books, puzzles, cars and stuff animals. All of the books were in French.There is an outdoor playground with a slide and swings, but it’s opening coincides with the terrace season: July and August.The closet metro/subway stop is two blocks away: Place des Arts.Walking to the Old Port takes about 20-25 minutes.It is very close to stores on Sherbrooke and Ste-Catherines.I would definitely recommend this hotel to others. It is a solid 3 1/2-star hotel.	
May 27 2007 	Well located horrible concrete tower	From the inside: nothing special. The room was large and of acceptable comfort. From the outside: it's one of those 70's-80's prefab concrete monstrosities that have defaced Montreal (and Sherbrooke Street West in particular) and many other cities. It is centrally located, but a wind-swept canyon of very bland modern buildings.	
May 22 2007	Very decent	I really enjoyed my stay at the Delta. My mom and I were able to check-in at 12:30pm. Nice room with 2 double-beds with fluffy quilts, 3 pillows, very comfy. We had a seating area around the TV with 2 chairs. The balcony wasn't great, just a concrete floor but it was nice to open the door and have fresh air. The only thing we didn't like was the loud fan in the bathroom that turned itself on with the light switch. So we brushed our teeth in the dark!We ate all our breakfast at the buffet (was included), it was very decent. Lots of fresh fruit and cheese. We ate once at the Cordial (resto-bar) food was excellent. Used the hot-tub and salt water pool, not huge but enjoyable. It wasn't crowed. They have a little room with 2 computers and free internet. The hotel is surrounded by subway entrances (Place-des-Arts and Mc Gill). 2 blocks, maybe 5 minute walk, if so. Not too many restaurants around the hotel, was a bit disappointed, but the subway is great to go everywhere. They have a 3-day pass for 17$ or weekly for 19$. I would recommend.	
Apr 24 2007	Just say no to smoking rooms!	My gf's and I go up to Montreal almost once a month and stay at many different 3* hotels throughout the city, usually booking thru a travel engine. We've stayed at the Delta multiple times but this stay just wasn't up to par. First of all, there were no non-smoking rooms available for &quot;Priceline Customers.&quot; Our agent liked this phrase alot, and I wanted to point out that once we set foot inside, we were &quot;Delta guests&quot; but I kept my mouth shut. We decide to just take the room instead of paying more for a &quot;superior&quot; non-smoking room. Traipsing down the hall, it as all flowery smelling so we had our fingers crossed...no such luck! Upon opening the door we were assaulted by stale smoke....I don't know how a smoker could even spend 2 nights in there.Back downstairs we went.....$20 more a night for the &quot;superior&quot; room. Back upstairs we went......yes, it smelled better, thank god! However I found very little &quot;superior&quot; about it. It was slightly larger and had free internet (which we didn't use).......but the bathroom was a trainwreck. A drippy faucet, the shower had a very slow drain and the toilet would hardly flush. Ugh. Not wanting to change rooms one more time, we stuck it out but my the time we left, we literally had to remove the top off of the back of the toilet and fix the plunger chain ourselves to flush it!I emailed the hotel with my complaints but have had no reply whatsoever from their management. It ended being a lot more expensive than we'd hoped. Adding the charge for our &quot;superior&quot; room and two nights of parking (self-park, not valet) our bill with the 17 lines of different taxes came to more than $90 (in addition to the amount we paid in advance on Priceline). Oh, and room service for 2 of us was $63 (burger and dessert, no beverages). Just an FYI! Happy travels!	
Apr 21 2007 	What a great business place!	I recently got to travel alot more than usual and my co-worker suggested to stay at the Delta Montreal for my trip. I am so happy I did, this warm and welcome feeling when you arrive is just great. The hotel was sold out and I was lucky eneough to get a free upgrade to a Club Floor room.What a clean and comfortable room. My check in was a little slow but now I became a Privilege member, I should be able soon to get more upgrades.Thanks to a great time at the bar, Martin was just a nice and great chatter!A nice business place!Denis	
Mar 4 2007 	Nice hotle for both business and Spring Break	I stayed at The Delta Montreal in March of 2006 for spring break. The hotel staff was very helpful and courteous, the room was spacious, and since they overbook the premiere rooms, the gave us free high speed internet for the length of our stay. Nice pool and the spa staff are very nice to. Great price as well.	
Jan 26 2007 	Love the home sens and location	I had a small business trip t attend and what a home coffy hotel. I felt like at home and treated so nicely by the staff. The bar was perfect for a nice cold beer with a cossy atmosphere, brought a client with me and he said never klnew about this bar. I am sure he will go back!Will definetely go back!	
Jan 16 2007 	Cheap rate - great room	I just got back from Montreal. I stayed 3 nites here and I paid $43/nite thru priceline. Not knowing what I was goin to get when I arrived, I was pleasently surprised. First off I asked to be put inthe premiere room (there rooms have been remodeled) these room general cost about $120 a nite. So instead of being on the lower floors, I ended up on the 14th. When we got to the room everything was in great condition. We then called down to find out if they could send us up a down comforter that you would only get on the signature floors (21-23).Within a 40 mins knock on the door with the comforter. So i paid $160(with tax) for 3 nites, got upgraded a room and the amenities of the the top floors, not to bad. If i had any problems it would only be that the bathroom could have a bit better lighting, but it was clean. And the fact that the smoke detectors are too close to the bathroom, if you dont close the bathroom room and the steam gets out the alarm will go off. Other wise A+ place to stay, the staff is very accomidating. Do not be afraid to stay here, its a great place. And remember, dont be afraid to ask for things, youll be surprised what you will get.	
Jan 7 2007 	fine hotel good location and value	My husband and I stayed in the Delta Montreal for a long weekend at the end of August. I had read a lot of the negative reviews on here and was a bit worried about the state of the hotel and rooms, but I have to say that we found our room to be clean, in good repair and comfortable. The bed and pillows weren't the most luxurious, but everything was clean. My husband's main complaint was that internet was available only for a fee in the room; they do have free internet in the lobby, but there are only 2 computers, so you often have to wait.The construction next door was a bit annoying so early in the morning, but that wasn't the hotel's fault. We found the staff to be helpful and had no problems with them.We didn't eat at the hotel; for breakfast, we asked for suggestions from the bellhop and were directed up the street to the local branch of Chez Cora, which was delicious and worth the short walk.The best thing about this hotel is its location -- you can easily walk to the subway and to many attractions.All in all, a fine hotel, especially for the deal we got on Expedia.	
Dec 16 2006 	Don't bring the wife - and definitely not the mistress!	Once you get over the chipped hand basin in the bathroom, the broken thermostat, the fact the room had not had a thorough cleaning in years, the inadequate phone service, the cheap bed linens, the cigarette butts on the balcony, the tired furniture and the dull decor - then his hotel is not that bad a place to stay for a business person on a budget. Food service in the restaurant at breakfast was fast and efficient, you could open the windows in your room to let in fresh air and they provided a bottle of water free of charge. Location is also pretty good and parking convenient. But if you're bringing the wife along then take her somewhere more romantic and presentable such as the Sofitel or Hotel Vogue. It's worth the extra.	
Nov 22 2006 	Great hotel	We stayed at the Delta Monteal for 2 nights with our 2 sons, ages 10 and 12. Our room (standard 2 doubles on 10th floor) was large, with 3 comfy chairs to gather around the tv. The kids liked the irregular shape of the room. The balcony was neat, although it was too cold to use it - also no furniture on it as has been mentioned elsewhere (although maybe they bring it in for the winter?)The pool appeared clean and was warm (according to the boys). We had room service 2 times and everything was fine. We only ate one meal in the restaurant (breakfast). Our one complaint was that we had chosen the Delta in part because of their advertised children's activity room. The children's room was a let-down, fairly empty save for some blocks and toddler toys plus a Nintendo, which my boys didn't use b/c we brought ours from home! The room is part of the spa area, so seems more like a 'parking' place for kids while parents work out.The location was great - very close to the metro and St. Catherine street. Our check in process went very smoothly. We'd stay here again. Parking was $21/day - and the day we checked out they told us we could park there until 6 pm, which was nice.	
Oct 30 2006 	Terrible Hotel.	We booked this hotel thru the Hotwire website prior to our weekend trip (70usd per night).The service, room &amp; food were horrible. They claim our room was &quot;recently renovated&quot;...the light was falling off the wall, the hallways had food outside the rooms for nearly 48 hours. The carpet was filthy and wallpaper peeling off the wall.On the last day we were trapped on our floor for 20 minutes as the lifts we're outta service. We ended up calling the central reservations number as the reception did not pick up the phone.This place is a joke!During the &quot;happy hour&quot; they serve no alcohol (which they allude too when you check in) and serve gross unedible food thats been sitting around for hours.Dont book this hotel even if its cheap!!!J.	
Oct 13 2006 	Good hotel for the money	This hotel is centrally located in Montreal, within walking distanceof the Old City and other attractions. We received nice and quiteroom. Staff was very friendly and helpful. Remember this is not a new hotel and needs some updating.Booking thru Hotwire, we found the price very low for a hotel this class. The only negative, the price of parking is little on the expensive side. If you want to be within walking distance, where all the 'action' is this hotel is for you for the right price.	
Oct 10 2006 	insect infestation	Possibly, the worst hotel experience of my life. We found our room to be infested with thousands of tiny green insects thast BITE!. Upon notifying the reception, our complaint was dismissed as our fault for opening the balcony doors hwere the insects apparently breed in a puddle of rainwater. After taking multiple digital photos and showing them downstairs, we were moved to a different room 5 hours later. Will never saty at a delta again.	
Oct 3 2006	Delta Montreal better than most	My husband and I stayed here for the weekend to do some shopping. We lived in the city for 5 years and have stayed at several hotels and know where to come back to. Very friendly staff, good location, spacious rooms (we stayed in the premier rooms on the top floor). Great value for the money. Would recommend to everyone.	
Oct 1 2006 	Good location for business and tourism	This was my first trip to Montreal, and I did not know anything about the city except the address of the company I went to visit. I booked the Delta because of its location. I found it to be close to downtown and to Old Montreal, and was able to walk anywhere I needed to go. I stayed on the 27th floor--the upper floors have been renovated, and it looked like the lower levels were &quot;in process&quot;. Stay on one of the top 5 or 6 floors (of 28) if possible. Staff was polite but not overly warm; room service was prompt and reasonably priced (compared to Chicago and other large US cities), the room was clean, and the view was great. Room had high-speed internet connection (it was very easy to connect). I would stay there again on future trips.	
Sep 26 2006 	No complaints good decision after reading Trip Advisor's reviews	Montreal is a very expensive city. The Delta hotel is a great deal. Of course it has its trade-offs, but if you read carefully what other visitors have written here, you can easily avoid them.I stayed at the Delta for one night. This is not my first time in Montreal, so I know location already makes this hotel a great catch. I got a deal on Hotwire, and following the advice given by a previous visitor, I accepted the 20 dollar upgrade offered at the desk.We got a very spacious room on the 15th floor, super clean, quiet, with a nice view to other office buildings (that's all there is to see ). Staff was very friendly. I would stay there again.	
Sep 23 2006 	Good Value but some issues	We stayed at this hotel for 6 days and 5 nights. For those who want the skinny, it’s a good hotel for those on a budget and those with kids. There were a few issues, hence the title, but overall, the stay was ok.This was our first time in Montreal. As African Americans, we felt very comfortable.There are tons of hotels to choose from. We got a great deal from Atlanta Hartsfield for 2 at just under $1300. The good:The Delta Montreal is close to Place De Arts Metro station and near the area were most festivals happen. Only 1 block from the Jazz festival, we walked most everywhere. The place has a good size gym, swimming pool, indoor racquetball court and hot tub. There is an indoor and outdoor play area big enough for the most excited child. The staff is friendly and will practice French with you. There is even an office center with 2 internet ready computers. My wife got a rub-down at the on site spa and I played some play station in the room. The rooms are a good size with access to a Terrance.The Bad:The room had not been fully cleaned when we got to it. We called and they re-did the room though. The hotel seemed older so on the 2nd night we got a note indicting all water would be shut off from 11pm to 5am for repairs. Good thing I don't get up at night much. I’m, getting into football (soccer) with the world cup and all, but the cable went out in the entire hotel, the day of the game and never came back on. They did open the suites to allow guest to watch the game. It would have been better in my room. China town is a joke. Go there for some shopping and only if you like Vietnamese food. Nickels is like a Denny’s only better tasting.  Last, Montreal is growing and there is construction everywhere. We got a room next to a building going up. They started at 7am Mon-Fri. I guess every place has its faults, but all things considered, Delta Montreal is probably one of the better hotels for the price.	
Sep 8 2006 	Good location but ...	We stayed a week in the Delta on President Kennedy Ave. The location is great, but the hotel needs some work. Like the phone in the room that didn't work, nor the coffee pot, nor the parkade exit gate about 2/3 of the time. Add to that peeling wallpaper in both the bathroom and bedroom areas. We booked and paid in advance through Expedia, but were informed upon check-in that the hotel was overbooked and that we would have to be &quot;shuffled&quot; to another hotel by taxi. We insisted that they find us a room and after an argument and waiting while a manager was consulted, they offered an upgrade (a higher floor) at $15/night additional. We were also told that our room was &quot;not guaranteed&quot; because it was booked through the Internet. Again, we insisted and they eventually relented. We have let Expedia know we had a problem too. The hotel is in the heart of shopping, night life and restaurant district of a thriving Montreal. The hotel restaurant and bar are both nice and the food was good ... expensive, but that is true wherever you go here. A cocktail was $8.50 and a glass of red was $10. Welcome to la belle province!	
Sep 3 2006 	Go for the upgrade	We stayed here for two nights. We were offered the Signature level for $25 more per night, which included renovated room, free internet, deluxe continental breakfast buffet in the lounge, free coffee/tea/pop, and happy hour each evening with finger foods, nachos, fruits, cheeses etc. Just be aware that the beer wine and liquor is subject to a &quot;minibar&quot; charge. They should have a small notice with the prices next to the food. The attendent was informing guests on ad-hoc basis about this policy. Parking at the indoor garage across the street (NW side)was $18 / 24 hrs, but only $5 on weekends (taxes included). The hot tub jets were rather feeble, old age (20yrs) was the reason given. Bellagio is an excellent Italian restaurant, classy but reasonable, one block from hotel.	
Aug 28 2006 	good location	good location -near all shops good bars -university etc. Internet access downstairs.No contact with desk staff but nice staff in food parts and good rooms -clean and central.Go to the jazz bar around the corner very good.Would stay again .good value for money.Nice food-breakfast etc.very happy with location .No need for car as very interesting places within walking distance.	
Aug 26 2006 	Just another Hotel	Went to Montreal for a romantic getaway..The hotel was average, did stay in the upper suits (23rd floor) Room was clean but not as big as they made it out to be. Mini bar and snacks were way too pricey to use and the fridge was warm. Hotel is in a great central location so you can walk to anything downtown, which is good because driving in Montreal can be tricky. Hotel garage was over priced to me and very tight to drive in. Spa at hotel was nice but dont waste your time on pedicures. Breakfast was good, didn't eat dinner at hotel. Was not impressed with the elevators, three of them yet wait time was frustrating at times, seemed like only one worked. Would stay there again.	
Aug 21 2006 	Great Location!	I was visiting a friend in Montreal and we were finding the hotels to be very expensive. We rolled the dice and found a hotel on Hotwire for $63 US a night. The hotel turned out to be Delta Montreal. I immediately came to TripAdvisor to check out the comments and was a little worried. I called the hotel and requested a double bed and was told all that was available was a King. The girl said she would put it in my file that I would like a double and if one became available they would assign it to me. When we arrived at the hotel, the gentleman that registered us was very nice and said that I got a double bed (yea!). When I got to the room I was very pleasantly surprised. Two double beds, a balcony,and very large room. It had a desk, two chairs, table, dresser and lots of room to move around. The room was clean, the beds comfy and the staff was nice. We had NO problems parking in the underground parking at the hotel (except it was $21 a day!).I would definately recommend this hotel!	
Aug 13 2006 	Bravo Delta Montreal	Just spent a week in the Delta Montreal and LOVED IT! ... Our room was on the 20th floor with gorgeous views of high rise buildings. We had a king sized bed, a well appointed lounge area with tables chairs and bureaus .. as well as a desk area. We took coffee on the balcony ... and wore plush white bathrobes provided in the room.It is one block from the Metro line which connects you to all of the city. Or if you feel like walking, the shopping district is three blocks away.The staff was courteous and attentive. We travel extensively all over the world ... and would rate this a very fine four star hotel ..Bravo Delta Montreal!	
Aug 12 2006 	A much better stay than the Hotel Champ De Mars	We booked this hotel on hotwire for $63. I got an executive suite with a sitting area, large bathroom, dressing room, king size bed and balcony. Quite obviously, the value was incredible.The bed was comfortable and the pillows were excellent, plump and soft.The room was very clean and the bathroom had wonderful toiletry samples.The balcony was a nice &quot;extra&quot; since the weather was beautiful, but the view from the balcony was not anything to get excited about... just views of close by office buildings.The elevators are slow, but very sturdy and clean.The staff is extremely friendly and very accomodating.Parking is not free, which I was disappointed by. It was $21 per night, but since I got the room so cheap, I was not upset.The hallways smelled of smoke, but the room smelled fresh.We stayed at the Hotel Champ de Mars the night before, which I would not recommend to my worst enemy, and this was a very refreshing, relaxing stay after my horrible night before.	
Aug 4 2006	Spa review	I'm writing this review of the spa at the Delta Montreal- as I noticed there was not much on the other reviews. I wanted to book a group spa day in Montreal, but my group was only available on Canada Day...most spas in the city were closed for the holiday. Also, the Jazz Festival was being held in Montreal the same weekend so lots of tourists were in town booking restaurants &amp; spas.Appointment: There is no spa menu on the Delta Montreal website- the only reason I knew the spa was there was from a past stay. I called the spa and asked them info about the spa and to send me a brochure &amp; price list...person who answered the phone was very informative and friendly. However, they would not block the afternoon until I received all the requests from my group, though they took my name and phone # for reference when I called back. I gathered my group's appointment requests, and called the spa directly to schedule the appointments- no problems there.Staff: Receptionist is friendly, but often overwhelmed as guests come into the spa asking questions and spa go-ers rush to and from their treatments through the reception area. Estheticians were very accommodating as well, no snobbery here.Spa layout: Small spa lounge is located toward the back of the spa, so each time a treatment is complete, you would have to walk past all the treatment rooms to get there. I had no problem during my hot stone massage, but others commented that the doors were not soundproof and talking from guests &amp; staff are heard throughout what is supposed to be a relaxing treatment, even when not very loud. Our group pretty much took over the spa, so if I were another spa guest, I would have been annoyed. Nail salon area is across the hall and pool is down the hall, all in a open area that hotel guests can wander through. If you are somewhat self-conscious in a robe moving between the areas, that would be a problem. Reception area is busy &amp; small, with guests &amp; staff moving through, and not enough chairs. We were also given access to the pool &amp; fitness center down the hall...the pool &amp; jacuzzi was indoor and ok...just not too well decorated. Locker rooms were kind of old looking, and definitely not very spa-like.Spa treatments: I had a wonderful hot stone massage, great esthetician. One person in my group commented on how cold the treatment room was, but I didn't notice b/c of the heat from the stones. I also had a pedicure- I was stuck in a corner of a small room across the hall. The pedicurist was very nice...but she did not have all her tools in one place and was constantly getting up to find them. The pedicure itself was fair, but no spa chair...I was sitting on a regular chair while my pedicurist was on the floor. Not sure if she was new or less trained, the pedicure did not last long after the day.Value: Spa treatments are very inexpensive compared to the US. My hot stone massage would have cost twice as much in the States. Nail &amp; other salon treatments are about the same price as other spas, but I would say overpriced for what I received. I would have just gotten the massage had I toured the spa area prior to booking but I was booking from out-of-town. Some of the group wanted more spa treatments than others so timing was a little off- some of us had more &quot;downtime&quot; than we had intended. Free snacks in the lounge &amp; access to pool was a nice add to the treatments (I've been to other hotels that charge for these).Pros: Friendly staff, snacks available, nice massage rooms, access to pool &amp; locker roomCons: Small spa lounge, so-so nail salonOverall, to me a bargain but don't expect a 5-star spa.	
Jul 30 2006 	Hummer Stolen in Lot Be Careful	We arrived at the Delta on Thursday and the first thing we noticed was the faint smell of smoke in the hallways. We overlooked that seeing that we were in Canada. Everything was good until Saturday night when there was a wedding that took place right below our room on the 2nd floor. The music was blasting and after complaining three times we were told that the room was rented to the wedding party until 3am and there was nothing they can do about it. We were offered to move to a different room but who wants to pack their stuff up at 12:30 AM to sleep somewhere else. The joy comes Sun morning when we go to leave and our Hummer H3 is simply gone form the parking lot. We were told that it is possible for anyone to purchase a ticket for parking in the ramp so anyone can actually take your car out without being suspicious. The police took 45 min to come and didn't even investigate. I believe it was an inside job. Waiting to hear from hotel. Onstar system did not work so these people are professionals since there was no evidence of a breakin. The service for the most part was good and the location is good, but BE SMART. DO NOT PARK CAR HERE even though it is underneath the hotel and seems safe. For $21 a day to park, I expect more than sorry your truck is gone and we have no answers because there is no security watching the parking lot.	
Jul 9 2006 	A dump	I have stayed at the Delta several times.I come only to work. The IT system is a disaster. The internet works about 10% iof the time and they have the gall to say that &quot;this is the first time that...&quot;Last week, their excuse was that &quot;we have to fly in a spare part from Toronto&quot;, which does not say too much about the state affairs is.The air conditioning is erractic; the elevators are slow.All the signs in the levator are in French, so u need a refresher before you board the elevators...if they ever come. I waited about 12 minutes each time to get one.This is probably the worst business hotel I can ever remember having stayed in.	
Jul 6 2006	Don't Confuse with the Delta Center-Ville	The best thing to say about the Delta Montreal is that if you are attending the Montreal Jazz Festival it is only a two block walk -- very nearby. We did go to the jazz festival this year with our children. The festival was wonderful, but the hotel was a disappointment. First of all, what I had read about the Delta Montreal made me think that it would be a fancy, tower of a hotel. Apparently that hotel is the Delta Center-Ville. The Delta Montreal is an older, more modest hotel in which we had several problems. Just prior to our arrival I noticed on their website that the room rate being quoted for an &quot;upper level, premier room with free internet&quot; was significantly less than what I had received when I originally made my reservation a few months prior. So, I telephoned the hotel directly and asked about the price difference. I was told a manager would call me back, but no one ever returned my call. So, upon our arrival I brought a print-out from the web page with the lower rate. The desk clerk was happy to &quot;adjust my rate&quot; to the lower rate for all five nights of our stay. I was very pleased with the correction. But, what I came to discover was that the way my rate was &quot;adjusted&quot; was by putting my family in a lower level room, with no free internet access, no view, and no balcony (the hotel claims that most rooms have balconies). At first I was not going to ask for a change because our children had already unpacked all their toys, etc. But, the next morning came another unpleasant discovery -- if anyone left the bathroom door open after showering, then the smoke detector was set off by the steam in a loud, startling alarm. So, I called the front desk to expain the series of unfortunate incidents, and request a new, upper level, nicer room. I was told that they could move us, but only for the original, much higher rate. When I tried to explain that their website was making reservations for the better rooms at the lower rate, the clerk told me that I would have to prove that with a confirmation number. I was so aggrevated, but I decided to let it go and try to ignore the problems for the remainder of our stay. We learned to keep the bathroom door closed. Maybe I have become accustomed to a level of service in the US that is not part of the culture of Canada. I never did feel that the service at this hotel was excellent in any area. We did eat in the hotel's restaurant, Aroma, three times. Two times were for breakfast -- a very good buffet -- but very expensive. One time was for dinner, which was just average, with a very small menu. The pool was adequate for the children. The outside play area is old, small, and dirty -- don't even let the kids know it is there if you can. The worst problem of all in this hotel is the partking. The parking is an additional $21 a day. The garage is under renovation -- although as far as we could tell this only means that 1/2 of the garage is blocked off. We drove our Ford Expedition which was very difficult to park. The ceilings were very low, the spaces very small, and the turning areas around some corners left about 2 inches in some areas. This is a dark, dingy garage. We loved the city, and the Jazz Festival. Next time we will try a nicer hotel.	
Jun 27 2006 	total wipe out	well it started with the reservations.. &quot; yes, of course we have high chairs for your little ones, we can arrange to have one put in your room before you arrive&quot;,well not only was there no high chair in the room for my ten month old daughter, the hotel did not even have them available for anyone?the rooms and hallways still smell like they have just been smoked in, even though smoking is no longer allowed.the hotel tuck shop... I had just come back from the pool ( way too cold )and I stopped by the tuck shop for some goods. The bill came to $20.08, I only had a $20.00and she gave me that look of, &quot; nope, its $20.08 thank you.. so I fished around in the pocket of my swim trunks, still wet, and found $0.05 and I said that that was all I had.... she then asked me if I had a card, a bank card or credit card. I could not believe her,.... for a measley $0.03 you;re not gonna let me off!. I just paid $275.00 a night to stay in this hotel and you're gonna yank me for $0.03.. unbelievable.....at this point, another hotel guest offered to give me the $0.03 and you know what... the shop girl ignored the other guest and asked me three more times if I had a bank card orcredit card....... I will never stay at a Delta hotel anywhere ever again and I will always suggest to anyone who asks to do the same..I found the staff to be very insincere with their comments and I thought that they were most likely not happy with their jobs..... I am not the kind of folk to be nasty and I am a pretty reasonable person and a very easy guest to have stay in a hotel, very low maintenance......this experience was simply shocking. I hope you're experiences do not match mine.	
May 29 2006 	A nice stay	The Delta Montreal is centrally located in Downtown Montreal. Very easy walk to McGill, Mont Royal and downtown shopping. Even old Montreal is within walking distance - maybe 1/2 hr or only a short cab ride.The room appeared well used. Could use some updating and better electronics (TV reception was fuzzy). At least the room was clean. Not overly impressed with the room but it was sure quiet at night. Ate in the pub and the food was excellent. Excellent and good value. Drinks were a bit overpriced.They have a pool but is more of a lap pool than a &quot;family&quot; pool. Weight room facilities are excellent.The staff was quite helpful and friendly. No complaints at all. We paid around $180/night for the &quot;conference rate&quot;. I would be tempted to try elsewhere for a better rate. If they gave me a discount on the rate I would consider staying there again.	
May 24 2006	~Not As Nice As They Make It Seem~	We booked through Hotwire as a last minute deal and paid $211.00 US for two nights. When doing so we were under the impression we were getting an amazing deal on a hotel which at regular price was $224.00 a night. We were wrong.Perhaps I am too picky and maybe a bit anal, but the pictures advertised and displayed on the internet are not an accurate reflection of the hotel and the rooms.We arrived at the hotel at noon on our day of check-in. The hotel is in a good location more in the business district, but relatively close to everything. The lobby was nice and appealing. The front desk staff was extremely friendly and allowed us an early check-in.Our room, located on the 12th floor was not a 3 star, and by far not a 4 star as some places advertise it as. The entire floor smelled like cigarette smoke as did our room. Both were in poor condition. The carpets were filty and all the furnishing were VERY dated. Basic bathoom. The window were so dirty you could barely see out of them. And the balcony is hardly such as one chair could not fit there; it is a concete enclosure and not at all appealing.We brought our 7 month old with us and fed her on the bed accidently spilling her entire bowl on cereal on the sheets. The next day at bedtime we noticed that the sheets had not been changed. I requested some be brought up to us and moments later they arrived damp with stray hairs on them. The pool, hottub, and gym very satisfactory. Nice, but nothing special.I would not stay here again as the hotel does not compare to other Delta's I have had the pleasure of enjoying. The only positive thing I can say about this hotel and Montreal is the staff. VERY, VERY, friendly and most helpful To them, many thanks! To Delta, clean-up your hotel!I would have refused to pay $224 a night to stay at this place. It is worth barely what we paid for it.	
Mar 9 2006 	Excellent value	We stayed three nights at the Delta Montreal and splurged for a signature room on the 21st floor. The room was excellent. We had access to the lounge on the 23rd floor and my husband and his colleagues used this space to have meetings. They had the entire place to themselves and access to a machine that made incredibly delicious coffee. A buffet breakfast was included and it was also excellent. We had fresh fruit, yogurt, cereal, toast and baked goods that must have come straight out of the oven. From 5-7 pm hors d'ouvres are served and they were really good one night and rather plain the other two nights.The Delta is consistent at offering nice rooms and good service. It was really nice to be able meet over breakfast and not worry about finding a meeting spot during the day. We took advantage of the facilities while we were there and played squash - all free. The gym has every machine you can think of, except for an eliptical.The location of the hotel is excellent for shopping. It's a three minute walk to The Bay on St. Catherine's Street.I went to the spa and had a chocolate wrap - very nice but don't book it for the last hour of the day as I felt rushed by staff who wanted to go home.For dinner we went to the Cube. Very expensive ultra modern restaurant and at first I worried that I wouldn't find anything I likes on the menu. I had the risotto which seemed a safe bet, and it was to die for. In fact all our meals were. We also tried the Red Thai on St. Laurent and again it was excellent	
Jan 24 2006	Middle of the Road	The Delta Montreal is in a great location and offers all of the larger hotel amenities. The room was average with uninspired decor. Maintenance problems were the downfall of my stay with banging pipes when the faucets were turned off and a heating unit that wouldn't work. Even after a visit from maintenance staff the heat shut off through the night leaving the room very cool. Housekeeping was superior and very efficient and the toiletries were above average. On past visits to Montreal I have stayed at the Omni (great!), Le Meridien (also great!) and the Nouvelle Hotel (pretty good). If the Delta has a price that can't be beat than it is a good bet, but otherwise Montreal has many finer properties in the same price range that are worth checking out.	
Nov 17 2005	Large rooms dismal decor!	I stayed at the Delta Montreal in October. It was one of the preferred hotels for a large medical conference I was attending. I got a good package deal on Expedia including airfare which was much less expensive than the &quot;conference rate.&quot; The lobby is small but very nice with marble floors. The staff were very friendly and helpful. I was able to take a tour of Montreal right from the hotel which the concierge recommended which was definitely worth doing if you're not familiar with the city.The rooms were very large and had two queen beds. The beds were comfortable with soft sheets. Oddly enough, there was absolutely no artwork anywhere in the room which gave it an institutional feeling.The patio, as mentioned by other reviewers, was a dismal slab of concrete overlying not much of a view (primarily of another building). However the setup of the building gives each room a private patio because the room is &quot;L&quot; shaped around the patio. There was one small dirty plastic chair but the weather was so cold I wouldn't have sat there anyway!I had a nice lunch there since I only had a few minutes to get a bite to eat. Service was pleasant and efficient. They had nice toiletries in the bathroom and a large marble bathroom.I would only stay there again if I got another great deal. Many of my workmates paid about $225 Canadian which was the &quot;conference rate&quot;. My deal came out to just over $100 a night and I wouldn't pay more than this. This is a 3 star at best.	
Nov 15 2005	The place to stay	Stayed for a long weekend.Could'nt have been better.Great staff,very clean room and great location.Everything you want when you're away from home.Walking distance to shopping and sight seeing.	
Oct 17 2005	Great place to stay	I booked our room at the Delta Montreal over the phone about a week before our arrival. There were four of us, and we were in a delta room with 2 double beds. Front desk was very nice and were helpful by giving us maps to places we needed to go. The room was very clean, very spacious and had a great balcony. I would definetly stay here again.	
Oct 12 2005	Great little hotel with personality.	Booked a blind hotel room on Hotwire for $60 and got this hotel. After reading reviews, I was expecting an avg place. I got much more. GREAT staff, friendly! This hotel is obviously very gay friendly, which suited me. My room had a decent little standing balcony (could have used a chair or two but it was smallish) overlooking Sherbrooke Street. Nice. Bathroom was large and well appointed. My bed was comfy. Nothing was missing. High Speed inernet was easy enough to use. Seemed the place was super clean and freshly decorated. Very pleasant one night stay...should have stayed there the whole time as I was disappointed at every other place I stayed for the next 4 nights. Good job Delta Montreal!	
Oct 4 2005	Comfortable reasonable and well-located	The hotel is very well located. 15-minute walk to the St Denis/Rue Prince Arthur restaurant area. 15-minute walk to McGill University and to the edge of Mont Royal Park. 20 minutes or so to Vieux Montreal. The staff is very polite and helpful. I had quite a bit of trouble and questions to get my daughter's laptop hooked up to the internet, and they were very indulgent. Parking under the hotel....I would have liked to have been able to drop my bags in front before heading down, rather than having to park and lug them up myself. Had I asked, I might have been able to, but the concierge told me to do that, and I did. Nice pool and exercise room. Nice restaurant and bistro, though a little pricey and esoteric for me with my kids. But in Montreal you don't have to go far to find a suitable place to eat! Would stay again.	
Sep 7 2005	Good enough for me	I stayed at Delta Montreal for three nights over Labor Day weekend and found it very clean, the staff friendly and located in a great part of downtown. I was at first nervous with all the bad reviews, but was put at ease when they were able to accommodate me at check me in very early- 1000am! My room was clean and there wasnt any bothersome &quot;noise.&quot;I would definitely stay here again!	
Aug 30 2005	Good and Bad	I had expected this hotel to be a great stay. The Main lobby is beautiful however upon arrival we were told the hotel was over booked due to a wedding and 4 of us being students where have to stay in a one bed hotel room. I had called the night before and checked our booking for a room with to beds and NO SMOKING.The room had definitly been smoked in previous to our arrival. We complained and complained and the best they could do for us was give us two cotts and the use of a ozone machine which did infact get rid of the smell. The next day we were bumped up to a room on the 16th floor which was big and spacious with no complaints except for the pattio which you couldnt even sit out on. Our stay there after was nice and the manager had given us 50% off our first nigth stay. Ok hotel worth the money but complain complain complain and you will get more then you payed for!	
Aug 10 2005	run down	Overall a decent hotel near Mont Royal. We found the room in need of a facelift however and our room had a cement patio with no furniture to sit on facing loud construction which began around 8:00 am. I would think that if you offered a patio, it would be somewhat usable. We were told we were in a non-smoking room and yet the smell when we 1st entered the room was of stale smoke. Perhaps it use to be a smoking room, who knows.We had one meal in the restaurant and it was OK. The gym appeared to be very large and probably one of the best features of this hotel.We moved to Old Montreal after our stay at the Delta and much preferred that area for ambiance and things to do. BUT the room was on airmiles, so no complaining about the value for our dollar!	
Jul 24 2005	Not worth the money; stay elsewhere!	My husband and I stayed at the Delta Montreal in mid-June for a few days. When we arrived there was no one there to greet us or take our bags. The valet was no where to be seen. We went in to the front desk to check-in which was also very bad experience. Only one clerk and a long line. We had reserved a non-smoking king size room over the phone. Upon check-in at 3:15 pm, we were informed there were no king rooms available (keep in mind check-in begins at 3pm). We were told that there are king sized rooms on the upper floors that we could have for an additional $40 per night. What a joke! Rather than look for another hotel we took the room with two double beds and decided to live with it. Big mistake as things only got worse. The rooms were average at best. We walked onto the balcony only to discover cigar butts all over. After calling downstairs I was informed that they do not clean the balconies after each guest checks out. They did send someone up fairly quickly to sweep them up. The beds were extremely small and uncomfortable. No good view. Furniture rather shabby and the tub would not turn completely off. Several times we tried pressing the valet button on the phone and were given the wrong extension each time. There were also problems with the valet service the entire length of our stay. Once we waited 15 minutes only to discover no one went to get the car and they didn't realize we had called down to get it. When coming back at 10pm in the evening no valet was anywhere to be found and we had to wait 10 minutes while they called him. Not at all what you expect for $23 parking per night. The hotel does have a nice fitness facility but the jacuzzi was not operating properly (jets very weak). We even considered ending our vacation a day sooner. After several complaints to manager we were upgraded the final night of our stay into a club room on the higher floors. This room was what I would have expected all rooms there should have been like. The breakfast buffet was one of the finer things about the hotel. Overall for the price you pay this is not a four-star hotel. It should be classified closer to 2 stars. I would definetly not go back and would caution anyone thinking of staying there.	
Jul 18 2005	Good location OK price clean room	Was staying at the Delta Montreal during the Jazz festival and if you're there for the festival, you can't get much closer than this hotel without the noise interferring with you. It's just about 2 blocks away. The noise did not penetrate our room to the point of being annoying during the day (assuming noise is an issue for you). Assuming you're not there for the festival, this hotel is still in a nice location. My friends and I were able to walk to most of the attractions (i.e. Notre-Dame Basilica, Chinatown, old Montreal) within reasonable amount of time. It's also located very close to a Metro station for your convenience.Since we just so happen to stay there during the Jazz festival, they did jack up the price and so it's hard for me to say if the rates are fare.When we first arrived, the reception desk claimed that they had no non-smoking rooms (as we requested) so we were placed in a smoking room. The receptionist also said that if the smell was too much for us, she can change our rooms around noon of that day when a non-smoking room will free up. Not really sure if this happened because we arrived the next morning of the day we're suppose to check-in, so maybe they assumed that we weren't coming, or just poor management. Make a long story short, the smell was strong and by 2pm (yes, there was a delay of an hour getting a new room), we were in a non-smoking room. To me, that was adequately handled, although upgrading us (if there was any free rooms...) would have made me a much happier reviewer.Our non-smoking Delta room located on the 2nd floor next to the Exit door (I believe it was Room 203) was nice and clean and spacious. No problems with the bathroom or AC.My only complain about the hotel actually has to do with the garage. First off, parking is an extra $20 per day. The garage is located under the hotel with (if I recall correctly) 5 levels of parking. Problem we had was with the ticketing system and how we were suppose to use the hotel given ticket to get into and out of the parking garage. The receptionist tried to explain to me how it works, but I was still confused and it seemed to me she wasn't too inclined to try and make me understand how it's suppose to operate. In 2 occasions, we had to intercom the ticketing station to had them open the gates for us to pass because for some reason, it just wasn't recognizing our ticket. Another thing to note is that the garage's elevator does not connect directly to the hotel's floors, you need to go into the lobby and change to a different set of elevators to get to your room, no biggie though.The pool is a decent size, but there was a lot of chlorine in it, though that's better than not enough, wearing swimming goggles are strongly advised. And we also found out that the jacuzzi was being cleaned Sun. night so come Mon. morning, it wasn't operational till noon time.Finally, while we were staying there, there was renovations going on in the hotel lobby as well as construction going on right next to the hotel (in front of the Holiday Inn?). While we didn't hear any noise coming from the lobby renovations, there was definitely noise coming from the construction site.	
Jul 7 2005	Worst hotel stay ever!	We checked into the Delta and the reception staff was less than willing to provide information to us. I asked them about their Delta kids program and the person I spoke with basically shrugged and didn't respond. After we checked in, my husband took the children swimming in the pool. When the kids returned to the room to take a shower, we realized that there was no hot water in our room. Remember that this was minus 20 degrees weather outside, so the kids had to wait in their wet bathing suits while I spoke with reception. The not so friendly reception staff informed me that they're having problems with the hot water and someone is working on it. I asked why they didn't inform me of this when I checked-in. I would not have stayed if they had told me that. They did not do anything about it until I got angry and inform them that I will be suing their management if my kids got sick while waiting for them to rectify the situation. Then their manager appeared and lo and behold they were able to find a room with hot water in it. It appeared that they were untruthful when telling me that there's no hot water in the whole building.This was definitely the worst service I've ever received at a big hotel chain such as the Delta.	
May 3 2005 	Great hotel :-)	I really enojoyed staying at the Delta in Montreal. The staff were pleasant (not exactly friendly, but they were very helpful in a business-like way), the food was nice, and my room was really nice, had a good view, and was clean.The only niggle was that I came back to my room at about 3pm one day, to find someone disassembling my bed to put a new headboard on! He looked at me, and said that he could come back later, but I told him to carry on, and left the room.I didn't go swimming, so I can't comment about the state of the pool, but the location of the hotel really is excellent. The TV was nice and big, the facilities were good, I got a box of chocolates from a local casino one day, and a couple of other chocolates were left on my bed every day (little touches, but they all improve the experience). I really enjoyed my stay here, and I'm usually quite fussy about hotels!	
Apr 26 2005	Get the club room option - most for your $$$	My boyfriend and I stayed here for three nights and were impressed. Overall an excellent stay, seamless check-in and -out, timely and friendly housekeeping, accommodating bilingual staff. The rooms were typical of a chain hotel but our 21st floor corner room, though shaped oddly (would not be good for larger people due to the small space in between the desk that stuck out and the foot of the king-size bed), it was clean, fresh and comfortable with a large bathroom (no problems with hot water, even for two separate showers in a row) and small balcony with a great view. We found the bed, pillows and comforter very soft and comfortable. The TV had basic cable that did tend to fuzz out very slightly and sputter a little in rainy weather. With the club room upgrade (an extra $20 a night on Orbitz) we got free continental breakfast two floors up in a lounge area as well as daily happy hour with delicious appetizers and an honor bar. The food was definitely above-average for a hotel spread, and the staff so friendly. My boyfriend loved the fitness room, which seemed small at first but had enough to keep him occupied all three days, and I hung out at the indoor pool (too small to really have fun in, but clean, not very crowded and not too warm or cold) and hot tub, which was nice, but not very new or high-tech. The location was by far the best - walking distance to old montreal, the southern plateau area, all the shopping, and bars and restaurants. We didn't need to take the metro anywhere. We will stay at the Delta Montreal again, especially if we get a similar flight-and-hotel deal from a site like Orbitz.	
Apr 7 2005	What we expected	We requested a non-smoking premier room but none were available on check-in. Were upgraded to the deluxe room, still smoking. Offered to change the next night but we didn't bother. Hotel is in a good location, close to Ste. Catherine, Metro etc. One big plus was free high speed internet. Room was always cleaned promptly on our exit and staff were generally friendly. Got a pretty good price of around $100 CAD tax in off expedia so we were generally pleased.	
Apr 7 2005	Good value nice room	Got the room on Hotwire for $50 US, rated three 1/2 stars. Solid three star property. The room was large and very nice. Excellent access to Metro and near main downtown shopping area. The hotel is going through some needed upgrading, but overall it is an excellent value in a good area. I would stay here again, even if I had to pay a little more. I got a tip that if you see a 3 1/2 star property with a day care facility on Hotwire, it's the Delta Montreal (not to be confused with Delta Centre Ville).	
Mar 30 2005	Nothing to rave about!	This property is pretty blah, but a good value for 100 bucks or so. I would not want to pay any more than 120.Lobby not impressive and not a lot of room to park when you check in.Make sure you ask for a room with a new bed, I didn't and my back paid dearly for it the next day. However when I asked to switch rooms it was not a problem at all.Staff were polite and friendly, food from room service terribly expensive.	
Mar 2 2005	OK- Good for the money	This hotel was under going renovations that they failed to tell us in the lobby when we made our reservations. The rooms were a nice size. They all had decks which was nice. I stayed on the premier floor- rooms were clean and big. 10 people hung out comfortably in one room.The hotel spa ws gross- overcrowded and filled with french people. The hot tub wasnt hot and stunk like chlorine. The staff was ok. Pretty good area. Close cab ride to everything, and a quick walk to the mall and adult entertainment facilities and bars.	
Feb 24 2005	Delta Montreal Lacking	The hotel is the unremarkable but utterly adequate spot that I anticipated based on reviews from here and there. That said, the staff was very friendly and the location was terrific (but plenty of other hotels are in the immediate vicinity). One selling point for me was the indoor pool/hot-tub - both of which turned out to be a disappointment. The pool was barely lukewarm and the hot-tub needed a warm-up and was a suspicious, deep-green color.But the city itself made up for any disappointments with accommodations. What a fabulous weekend we had - as we unfailingly do in this wonderful city!	
Feb 16 2005	Good clean hotel	I thought this hotel was worth the money we spent on it. The room was large and very clean, and the service was very good. Unfortunately, the king-sized bed we slept on was hard and uncomfortable, which may be a problem for those who aren't used to it. Overall, a decent hotel for a 3 1/2 or 4 star rating.	
Feb 14 2005	Great Hotel	Just stayed at the Delta Montreal for Valetines weekend. Great hotel, service was impeccable. I was looking for a particular cuisine and they went out of their way to help. The only problems: takes awhile for the hot water to kick it, but when it does it's nice and hot so just give the shower a little run before you get in; if you book on expedia you may not get the room that is shown in the picture. We expected a smoking room with a king size bed but when we got there we ended up with a non-smoking room and what they say is a king size bed but in reality it was a double...but the room was still very nice, a lot smaller than we were promised but nice...BIG bathroom !! Overall, great place, great pool, not a lot of kids running around...check out the work out room they have a good selection of machines....i will definately stay there again...	
Jan 14 2005	Great stay at the Delta	I loved staying at the Delta Montreal, for many reasons, not the least of which was that the room was so nice and so clean, and we had a beautiful terrace with great views of the city. The staff was very friendly and spoke both English and French. The location was perfect. We were within walking distance of the great shopping on St. Catherine's, Old Montreal and the Underground shopping mall. The hotel has a pool (which wasn't used by me), but was very nice and clean. It also has a room off of the lobby where you can check e-mail for free (great perk as I don't have a laptop). All in all, for my money, the Delta was PERFECT! I can't wait to go there again.	
Dec 30 2004	A very pleasant expierience.	For anyone looking for a fantastic location, wonderful and helpful hospitality and great food, the Delta Montreal would be one hotel to keep in mind. The entire staff could not have been more pleasant if they tried. I was late in arriving due to travelling disasters with the airline I flew with (it took me three days to get there instead of one), but the hotel staff graciously assisted my daughter who needs a wheelchair at the moment because of an injury, and I couldn't have asked for better service or consideration.The Concierge, Alex, went above and beyond the call of duty when he gave us information and assistance (a very good-natured person). The other gentlemen, whose names I didn't learn, were just as helpful.All of the people at the front desk were exceptionally polite and helpful. The food service from the waiters and waitresses was excellent and the food was delicious.Our room was a premiere room, very clean, quiet, attractive and relaxing.Montreal is a fabulous city to visit. This hotel makes your stay feel like you are at home. Everyone has a smile. Having been a flight attendant in the past, I have stayed in many, but the Delta Montreal obviously looks for staff with excellent attitudes and do their very best to provide &quot;over the top&quot; graciousness.It is close to the Metro, shopping, great restaurants. It rocks! I will definitely make it my new home away from home whenever I visit again.	
Dec 29 2004	Great deal at the Delta Montreal	Just returned from a week in Montreal at the Delta Montreal. We found the staff to be very friendly and always willing to help; the rooms were clean and the daily housekeeping meticulous. The large windows and balconies are a plus. We had four people --two rooms--and the rooms were quite different from each other--with unusual shapes. Comfortable chairs and good bed. Especially nice were the pool and weight room and the two computers provided for Internet access (no costs) by guests. The location cannot be beat. It was very, very cold and we were only a very short walk from the underground.The hotel provides everything needed for a quite comfortable stay. We give it five stars because of the great value (good price for us), wonderful staff and housekeeping, and terrific location.	
Nov 22 2004	Wonderfully average	I stayed two nights at the Delta Montreal after getting a room for $63 a night on Hotwire. This is one of the rare times where a &quot;star rating&quot; was exactly right. The Hotwire &quot;star rating&quot; gave it 3.5 out of 5 at I agree completely. The good news is that the rooms are clean, the bed comfortable, the service on par, and the location excellent. There was nothing extraordinary about the Delta, but, there were no bad points as well. If I were to knitpick, the hotel seems to be in the beginning stages of wearing down such as some minor peeling wallpaper in the hallways, some wear and tear in the rooms, but not shabby at all. I would give it a 4 star review if the place was spruced up a little more. However, on the whole, if you can get this hotel for under $100 bucks a night, you are getting a great deal.	
Nov 12 2004	fine place to stay in an extra fine city	The Delta Montreal is the equivalent of your typical downtown Marriott hotel - nice if unexciting rooms, efficient service, plenty of amenities geared toward the business traveler and a good location.The hotel is in a nice location downtown, next to McGill University. THe area around the hotel is dominated by office buildings so it tends to be quieter on the weekends, but it's a block from the upscale shopping of Sherbrooke St. and two blocks from the carnival midway atmosphere of St. Catherine Street. The Place des Arts metro station is a block away, and the McGill metro station is about a block and a half away.The calm lobby is understated and elegant. The rooms don't have a whole lot of character - they've got that typical business-class hotel taupe look - but they are quite large. They also have balconies and from one of the higher floors you can get great views of Mont-Royal or downtown. The bathrooms are also quite large and well-stocked with fluffy towels and bath amenities. The hotel has an exceptional fitness center.Downtown Montreal is loaded with enough good restaurants, shops, movie theaters, museums and assorted attractions to keep you busy for a year. Most of the downtown action is an easy walk from the hotel, and if it's the middle of one of Montreal's brutal winters, you can cross the street and enter the Underground City, which links many of the downtown shopping centers, hotels, office buildings, train station, hockey arena etc.Old Montreal, the observation tower at Olympic Stadium, the trendy Plateau neighborhood and other sights are a short ride away on Montreal's fine rubber-tired metro.	
Oct 5 2004	loved the hotel	I was in Montreal for a wedding and i had the greatest time at your hotel, I had the best service and your staff was so friendly and helpfull!!! thanks so much	
Sep 16 2004	Great Hotel-Will definately	This hotel met and exceeded every expecatation. The check-in takes about a minute, the rooms full of amenities and luxury. The bathroom clean, the public rooms even cleaner. You could easily eat off the floor here.The prices are very reasonable and the location is excellent. Parking is very safe and well lit underground.Even though all that stuff is superb, the best aspect of the hotel is the staff. They will go above and beyond the call of duty, to make your stay enjoyable. No request is to difficult for these great workers.They could raise their rates, and I would still return.	
Sep 7 2004	Excellent Customer Service Clean GREAT rates	We stayed at the Delta in Montreal during Christmas of 2003 and loved it. Great rates, exceptionally friendly and helpful staff. First room was ugly and they moved us to nicer floor with better room for the same rate. The location is nice. The hotel has a clean pool area. Parking beneath the hotel for low rate, and safe. Close to downtown, underground mall and shops within 3 blocks. McGill right around the corner. We'll definately stay here again.	
Aug 15 2004	nice lobby	This Delta is the exception to us. In western Canada they are very nice business hotels, with busy ammenities in the room, highspeed eg.In Delta Montreal the public areas were very nice the staff were very helpful and went out of their way. Even cleaning up dog dodo...left in the elevator by some inconsiderate dog owner...(don't let animals stay, the animal is good the people aren't always !)The room we had was very outdated and not welcoming and the fan noise was very loud. We took two rooms as we have older children, but our request as reserving for adjoining rooms wasn't met. This would be our least favorite Delta and we have stayed in about 6 different Delta properities.	
Jul 21 2004	Just okay not great!	Just came back from a three night stay at the Delta Montreal. First time. The hotel was okay, but was not what I would expect for a 4-star hotel. Not plush. Staff was pleasant. Price was a bit high for the quality of the room. Wallpaper looked tired and was coming off in spots. Room was nice size with king bed. Having the balcony was a great feature. Bathroom was spacious. One day pool area was out of guest towels. That was disappointing. I had to use paper towels to dry off after shower (I didnt want to go back up to my room to get towels). Seems like those servicing the spa could have requested bath towels temporarily until pool towels were available. Whirlpool jets did not function well. There may be other hotels at lower price with similar features that might be just as good and closer to Old Montreal, festival area on St. Denis, parts of Ste Catherine, and waterfront. It is centrally located downtown, but most of our exploring was south and east of the center of downtown. Would probably stay elsewhere next time.	
Jun 30 2004	Love this place	stayed here 6/25 - 6/27. This was my 2nd time in Montreal but my 1st time at the Delta, Montreal. All I can say is that this hotel was great, it was convienent to Ste Catherine St and area attractions. I booked this hotel through there web site and got a room on the Signature Club Floor (VIP) for $120.00 USD per night. These are the best rooms in the hotel with a balcony overlooking the city ( beautiful ). It just so happened that I was there during the Canadian holiday and they had a firework display that was to die for and being on the 21st floor it was like having front row seats. Also if you in the Signature room you get free continental breakfast. As for the people who complained about the balcony, other then it not having chairs there was nothing wrong with it.	
Jun 10 2004	Very pleasant stay	We had a very pleasant stay in May 2004. Although I'd paid only $66 on Priceline, my request for a non-smoking room high up was quickly granted at checkin. The hotel was very clean. The room was quite large with a balcony, and very quiet. The indoor pool and jacuzzi quite nice. Helpful concierge. Convenient parking. Lovely lobby and public spaces.	
Jun 3 2004	Very Nice	I liked the Delta Montreal, the staff was friendly and helpful. I had a great room with everything I needed. I was not however intrigued with the balcony, which was concrete and had no sitting area. They need to put some chairs or something on the balcony or whats the point of having a balcony. Overall I liked the sports club and restaurant in the hotel, and used both.	
May 24 2004	The Delta french style	We stayed at the Delta for a cold week in January, 2004. When we got to our room, I believe it was on the 4th floor, the hot water was not working, and you could see this was a problem as it was about -30 degrees Celsius outside. They moved us up to a higher floor and we found out that the room was an &quot;upgrade&quot;. It included free internet, a bath robe, a prettier picture on the wall, nicer sheets, a nice desk and chair, etc. and we were pretty happy. Then, the hot water would not work again; they called up maintance about 3-4 times to fix it, but the entire building's water was only &quot;luke warm&quot;. We tried to open the balcony door but they were all sealed shut and the maintance man had to come up and open it for us. The staff was nice but the maid walked in on us... u know. Overall, the price was unbeatable so we can't complain. We stayed a total of 5 days. The parking is $18 a day. The staff tried their best to help us. We complained to management about the water and they gave us a nice coupon for our next stay-so we have to return!Don't go there if you are picky, unless you get the higher floors.	
Apr 15 2004	I will be there again!	We stayed at the Delta Montreal for Easter (April 9-April 11, 2004). It was FANTASTIC. I absolutely love this hotel and I will definitely stay there again. We arrived at 4pm and our room was ready. We stayed on the 23rd floor which meant we were a part of the Signature Club. Our room was immaculate. My only problem with this hotel was the smell of the room. We requested a non smoking room but it smelled like 10 smokers were hiding under the bed with 2 cigarettes each hanging from their mouths. It was terrible. Right away we opened the balcony doors in an effort to air it out. We ended up buying an aroma candle at the drugstore to freshen it up. I would have complained but I was too busy admiring the beautiful duvet (hypo allergenic, I might add, as requested by my fiancé) as well as the chocolates on our bed and the card indicating the weather for the day. The bathroom was clean and a large enough counter top for us to spread our toiletries.There was also a spacious desk in the bedroom area; internet access; a beautiful Sony Dream machine (CD, radio, alarm clock). It was great.The bed: Awesome. I told my boyfriend this is probably the best bed I have ever slept in outside of my own. It was soft, yet firm…large yet cozy..and the sheets were FRESH. I could go on and on about this bed forever. I adored it.We walked around the hotel a bit…it has a gym, a pool and a business centre which seem to be open to all guests. I do want to say something about the pool…please watch your children because I don’t think they have a lifeguard. My boyfriend and I stood outside the window and watched a small child struggle to keep her head above water while her parents sat in the hot tub about 10 feet away. Luckily another parent in the pool grabbed her but it was scary considering we were outside helpless.If you are a part of the Signature Club your breakfast will be provided in an upper dining room. The usual standard of toast and fruit but the variety is worth it. We were never there for Happy Hour but I will definitely participate in it the next time I visit. The location is convenient to St Catharine street and the Metro (the subway system).The staff are very friendly and helpful.This is a fantastic hotel. The out façade resembles a mid-grade Novotel but inside is amazing. I would definitely recommend it to anyone visiting Montreal.	
Jan 31 2004	LOVING IT!	DETAL HOTEL wassssss great! it was the best! I love how its such a big hotel.. and i was there for model UN and wow! it was unbelieveable! i can't believe that ohters didn't like it.. boooooooo! anyways, i loved it! - ttyl bye!	
Jan 7 2004	Great hotel all problems in previous reviews are fixed.	We stayed at the Delta Montreal Dec26-30th/2003. It was great. We got an amazing deal on priceline (not sure if I can say the price but $51US per night). The basic rooms were SPACIOUS, very clean and modernly decorated. There was always sufficient free coffee and tea packages left by the room attendants. The facilities (pool, restaurant, gift shop, lobby) were very clean, decorated for the holiday season immaculately. The staff was pleasant and helpful. We expected them to be snobby as the first impression in the main lobby is quite elegant, but they were very nice and helpful. Best of all, they spoke English! There are 2 downfalls. Parking is $18 Canadian per night (free parking is available on the street, but we didn't want to risk having the car stolen or hit over night). The pool closes at 9pm on weekends. It was full of people eager to stay and swim, but the attendant demanded that everyone get out at 8:50 because it closed at 9. SHe then knocked on changerooms and rushed everyone because she had to leave at 9. The pool is all one depth, so not too good for kids (bring arm floats or a ring for the kids). The hot tub was a fair size, and could seat about 10 comfortably. Overall, it's a great hotel. All the bad reviews that we read prior to visiting, have been fixed. The elevator service is very quick and frequent. The location is also convenient to everything-shopping, restaurants, Old Montreal, etc.	
Nov 27 2003	Very good Hotel reasonable price.	My wife and I just returned from a 5 day stay in Montreal at the Hotel Delta Montreal. We found it to be quite good. The employees were always friendly and helpful. The room was always kept clean by houskeeping services and the hotel bar was very nice. The hotel itself is in a very centralized location and many sights are in walking distance. The Metro (subway) station is also close by and very easy to use. The accomodations are very reasonable and for the price you get a good value. Anyone thinking of staying at this hotel should request to be in the &quot;Signature Club&quot;, which gives you access to a daily complimentary continental type breakfast and a &quot;Happy Hour&quot; from 5 p.m. to 7 p.m. I would definitely recommend the Hotel Delta Montreal to business or leisure travellers.	
Oct 31 2003	Great way to end our trip!		
Jul 28 2003	Disgusting		
May 21 2003	Not a 4-star hotel		
May 11 2003	disappointing		
Apr 27 2003	Still like the Delta		
Dec 7 2002	Delta Montreal was average		
Oct 7 2002	Nice Hotel		
Aug 20 2002	Not what your reviews said		
Jul 21 2002	Delta Montreal...a Great Hotel!		
Jul 15 2002	Delta Montreal provides great value		
Nov 17 2009 	Buen hotel		
Nov 12 2009 	Charmant et relaxant		
Nov 11 2009 	Bueno		
Aug 23 2009 	bien sous tous rapports		
Aug 8 2009 	très bon hôtel à recommander		
Aug 6 2009 	Il migliore in assoluto tra tutti quelli in cui ho alloggiato in Canada.		
Jul 18 2009 	Très bon hotel très bien situé		
Jul 16 2009 	A fuir		
Mar 19 2009 	Excellente valeur au centre-ville		
Dec 11 2008 	correct		
Sep 18 2008 	tres pratique		
Jun 3 2007	Ci è piaciuto molto		
