Nov 22 2009 	Great Hotel Experience	My husband and I traveled to Old Montreal for a 4 day get-away. The hotel was beautiful. It is decorated in a trendy, urban chic décor. It is very clean, and the staff was polite and helpful. My husband and I are frequent travelers; we look to stay in the nicest hotels available. There is curbside valet parking for all guests; and concierge service around the clock. We received complimentary wine every night on the roof top lounge, and a free truly continental breakfast daily with wonderful croissants, rich coffee, and fruit and chocolate. Old Montreal is decidedly European with most staff speaking multiple languages including English, French and Spanish.The hotel is located in the heart of Old Montreal and walking is a must. This hotel is located a block from the Note Dame Basilica, The historic waterfront, museums, shopping and restaurants.My one suggestion is not to stay on the top floor, as the rooftop bar and restaurant are noisy well past midnight, and the staff is up there cleaning and moving chairs and tables very early!	
Nov 19 2009 	Hotel Nelligan	In recent visit to Montreal to attend the IDF congress at the Palais Congress, stayed at the Nelligan in Old Montreal. Really enjoyed this hotel. Firstly, it was a great location- within walking distance of the Palais Congress (where the metro station is located as well). Room was great- spacious, tastefully decorated. Staff very efficient and friendly. Plently of restaurants within walking distance. Highly recommended.	
Nov 4 2009	Charming and chic.	Excellent location in Old Montreal. Staff was friendly and most helpful with any special request. The morning breakfast buffet is really nice and much more than a continental breakfast. Rooms are a bit dark but ultra modern and comfortable. Free WIFI is a plus, too. Hotel is also near several excellent french restaurants. The concierge helped us with reservations and the meals were wonderful. The hotel also caters to groups with meeting rooms and other functions so it's a bit busier than the traditional boutique hotels.	
Nov 1 2009 	Great location comfy room	Loved Hotel Nelligan! Boutique hotel in a great location in Old Montreal. Bed was super comfy, nice amenities, although the bathroom lighting was a little dark. Wine happy hour each night was nice, and Jean the concierge rocked! She really hooked us up at some great restaurants -- Restaurant Toque!, the Globe (for people-watching). Some people say it is noisy - but I thought it was super quiet, no problem with noise. Would definitely go back.	
Oct 19 2009 	Delightful stay in Vieux-Montreal	We stayed at Hotel Nelligan for six nights during a vacation to Montreal. We chose a 'King Loft' room. The room was spacious and comfortable. The bathroom was huge and spotless. (In fact, my husband took notes on the shower design for our next household renovation!) The style of hotel itself is trendy without being pretentious. The staff was attentive, friendly, very helpful with directions, and restaurant recommendations. The location is central to the old scenic part of the city, but not right in the middle of the bustle of the main tourist drags. We were in easy walking distance of Notre Dame and many cafes and galleries. I would stay at the Nelligan again on any visit to Montreal.	
Oct 8 2009 	Charming hotel that I would return to again and again.	Hotel Nelligan is located in the Old City of Montreal. The staff was friendly and very helpful. The rooms were elegant, comfortable and clean. I had a small issue with the location of the TV compared to the bed but it could certainly be overlooked. Morning breakfast was delicious and complementary evening wine and cheese was a delight. Highly recommended for couples, business or leisure. Not handicapped accessible but neither was anything else on the cobblestone streets of Old Montreal.	
Sep 29 2009 	Gorgeous hotel excellent location in the old town	This hotel was lovely, really well put together. Downside was that the whirlpool bath didn't work and was't fixed while we were there despite highlighting it twice. We were offered a room change the second time, but it was our last night so we didn't bother. When we mentioned this at check out they offered to wave the phone charges on the room ($10) with abit more pushing they only charged us for a basic room which was fine, but should have been their first offer in my opinion. Other than that a lovely experience. The continental breakfast had everything you would expect and the bagels were particularly good. We ate at the restaurant and it was pretty nice, food and service wer excellent, we would go there again.	
Sep 23 2009 	Totally satisfied!	I just returned from a 3 night stay at the Hotel Nelligan. It was more than I expected! Everyone was friendly &amp; more than helpful. It had a very warm ambiance &amp; I felt so comfortable.We had a double room &amp; it was very tastefully decorated. We were facing the street &amp; there was never a problem with noise. The bathroom was spacious &amp; the products were heavenly!I would not hesitate to stay here again!	
Sep 9 2009 	An enchanting time in Old Montreal at the Hotel Nelligan	If you're looking for a romantic hotel in Old Montreal (the historic center of the city) with a bit of boutique hipness and Euro style to it, Hotel Nelligan is a great choice. There's a reason why Hotel Nelligan consistently scores the highest marks on Trip Advisor and gets rave reviews in travel magazines -- every aspect of our stay was fantastic, from the romantic rooms to the sky terrace to the service. Best of all, the hotel is located on a cobblestone, very European-feeling street, close by to some of the city's main tourist attractions. That being said, the hotel didn't feel &quot;touristy&quot; at all. The name of the hotel comes from Emile Nelligan, a famous Quebec poet, and there are constant reminders about Ms. Nelligan throughout the hotel. Three great restaurant locations are attached to the hotel as well - Verses, Sky Terrace and Mechant Boeuf Brasserie (order the poutine!).	
Sep 6 2009 	Great stay despite some service issues	Reviews here and on other sites accurately reflected our experience at the Nelligan. For a boutique hotel in a historic district, the Nelligan was very comfortable, quiet, and had nice charm. Many personal touches make this property seem like a great value in retrospect -- nightly wine and cheese hour, daily cont. breakfast, great bath amenities, fabulous bedding, etc. The downsides here were service-oriented and the issues we experienced seemed consistent with those expressed by other reviewers here. It was disappointing given we enjoyed the hotel so much but had to be patient with some issues that other hotels nail as a given at this price level. The few, basic inquiries we made of the staff were hit or miss on execution. Here are some examples: - We called down for ice on three occassions and it never showed up, so we just stopped calling....yet, other requests like wake-up calls were fine.- Upon our arrival with baggage, the bell staff (several of them) just stood around talking to each other and other guests, and ignored us as we struggled with getting in the front doors.....yet, at other times, bell staff went beyond the call to locate taxis for us down the street.- The rooftop terrace was a fantastic way to spend a sunset, which we did on each night, and loved it, but the service was horrendous to the point it became a comedy. They knew how to make only the drinks on the menu, and any request beyond that was literally discouraged by the waitresses (&quot;oh, the bartenders probably don't even know what that is, can you just choose something off the menu&quot;). While the wine list offered some nice glasses of wine at $10 to $20 a glass, one of the many glasses we ordered came corked and rancid smelling. We politely asked for a replacement glass, and the waitress wanted to have a long debate with us on the matter and try and convince us it was fine.- there appeared to be no service elevator at the hotel because day and night, the staff was shuttling push carts of food and housekeeping in and out of the elevators, cramming in with unsuspecting hotel guests. It made waits for the elevators noticibly long and frequently cramped; by day two we just started taking the stairs to avoid the hassle.- housekeeping in general in our room was very basic and inconsistent; only once did they actually seem to clean the room with cleaning products; most days, they simply made the bed and replaced towels, leaving dirty drinking glasses as they were, and surfaces hadn't been wiped down. All this said, for the few but memorable downsides, the place was really comfortable, well appointed, a solid value, and charming. We'd stay here again and recommend it to our friends without hesitation. Just be prepared for a little hit or miss service. I really hope the management will make some improvements.	
Sep 5 2009	Love this hotel	Beautiful rooms, extremely friendly and helpful staff. Great location and atmosphere. Old Montreal is fabulous. I plan to come back with my husband for a romantic getaway!	
Aug 31 2009 	Cozy relaxing and perfect location!	My wife wanted a unique hotel with loads of character to spend our honemoon. Old Monteral was our destination and after some exhaustive research online she found Hotel Nelligan. We went in with very high exopectations based on reviews both here and in Fodor's. We were not dissappointed!The room was spotless, bed was very comfortable, the electric fireplace was nice touch (although slightly tacky in a Wal-Mart kind of way) and the staff was perfect. The brick walls were amazing and mostly soundproof. Our room was looking out onto the alley and wasn't that bad. I mean really, front, back atruim or alley, all windows in Old Montreal look right at the next building anyway.The location was a 5 minute walk to the Metro and there must be 30 restaurants/coffee shops/cafes or more within that radius. We went to 4 of each during our stay and review them elsewhere. We didn't take our car out of the Valet parking for all 4 days,Nelligan is afilliated with Rainspa in Place D'Armes Hotel and they arranged for 2 spa treament there for us which were very nice. We will definitely return to Hotel Nelligan in the Ffuture and will recommend it highly to any one who asks.	
Aug 29 2009 	Excellent spacious room- go to Place d'Armes for the wine and cheese	We stayed in Rm. 303 for two nights. The room was spacious and quiet though facing the street, had a king bed, luxurious bathrobes, a fireplace you can turn on even in the summer as it throws off no heat., and jacuzzi- I gasped when my husband showed me the bathroom. It was a very comfortable room seeing as it was so muggy outside. it doesn't cost much more than an average hotel for all this elegance.You can go to the Place D'Armes, their sister hotel, for the wine and cheese reception each night- the wine is better and the presentation of the cheese, fruit and bread is much nicer; you just show your ticket.I think this would be a very nice romantic hotel for a honeymoon!	
Aug 26 2009 	WONDERFUL	Where do I begin from the momentwe arrived it was all about the service. Attentive,warm and friendly. The room was spacious and well appointed. Clean more then comfortable. The continental breakfast was well done and plentiful. I would definitely stay here again and again 5 thumbs up	
Aug 23 2009 	Great Hotel in Old Montreal	I just returned from a one night stay at the Hotel Nelligan.It is well located in the heart of Old Montreal. It is very close to great restaurants and art galleries.My room was very quiet, and the bed comfy. The hotel is very clean, although the carpets on the guest floors are slighly worn. The gym, although small has a nice selection of weights and cardio. My room was large, with a nice shower and jacuzzi. My room was very quiet. The hotel price is very competitive to other hotels in Montreal that I have stayed in, although the Hotel Nelligan has far more atmosphere and charm than the average downtown high rise hotel. The complimentary wine and cheese was excellent, with the staff and other guests very friendly. The breakfast in the morning was okay, although nothing special, as it had the usual selection of bread and cereal, and the coffee was slightly cold. Hotel staff was efficient, and as a repeat customer I recieved a nice note and three tasty cookies. In all, a great and relaxing night in Old Montreal.	
Aug 18 2009 	Perfect	Beautiful rooms, wonderful service, perfect location	
Aug 13 2009 	Shame about the service	What a great hotel. Brilliant location near the old town centre. However we were very disappointed with the service. The maid service was slow. One day we had left the room very early and stayed out for more than 5 hours. when we returned, to get out of the blazing sun and have a rest our room had not bee made up. We asked if it could be made up and were told this would happen immediately. We waited in the bar for 30 mins and when my husband went to check if it had been done, they had not even started it. Another one hour later we were still sitting there, buying drinks from their bar ofcourse.We were just so disappointed as this was meant to be out finest hotel on our long trip. They didn't even apologize afetr the event. After checking out they didn't even ask if we had enjoyed our stay. The front of house staff were a bit rude. What a shame!!	
Aug 8 2009 	C'est Magique!	A group of 6 girls stayed at this beautiful hotel in Old Montreal. The staff was wonderful. The complimentary wine and cheese and breakfast were a lovely touch. We would recommend this hotel to everyone. The rooftop restaurant was fabulous as was our waiter Joe and bartender Jimmy! What a view and an outstanding burger!Thanks for a great stay!	
Aug 5 2009 	A well orchestrated tourist trap...American Travellors Beware!!!!	We stayed at the Nelligan in Montreal on your recommendation. The first night there after a day of travel the hot tub kept going on and off all night. Sleep was impossible. There were no towels. Lights were burned out in the room and no one would fix them...The room could not be properly cooled. There was no manager at night and the 2 young guys who were there at just started at the place. All they could do was shrug their shoulders. The wireless internet did not work but eventually I could hook up with ethernet. The manager (Kevin) the next day got the tub fixed but not after much coaxing and that is all that was done. By the last day we got some lights fixed. The front desk girls were rude and disconnected. The adjustment on the bill was $50.00. If this is a luxury 5 star hotel you have reset the bar just above the ground. It is a tourist trap. Warn your consumers or get yourselves off the market as a service to others that will get trapped like us.	
Aug 1 2009 	Could not find fault with this establishment	This was simply a very good experience all round.Hotel comfortable, staff efficient and friendly and definitely not in your face.Definitely worth a visit.	
Jul 30 2009 	Simply Super	Everything was perfect. We had a very large Loft room. It had a fireplace, sitting area, large bathroom and king bed. The service was spot-on. The breakfast was good. We loved the terrace. Old Montreal is the best part of the entire city.	
Jul 29 2009 	Pleasant and trendy hotel in old Montreal	Hotel Nelligan is situated right in the middle of old Montreal meaning some noise from partying people but of course the hotel is equipped with a good air-condition so it doesn’t really matters. It’s conveniently located for a sightseeing trip and there are a lot of restaurants in the vicinity. There is also a restaurant called Verses in the hotel that we visited and considered as good.We booked a Corner Deluxe Suite for our family (one teen) but were upgraded to a penthouse suite, really great (two bedrooms, a living room, two bathrooms and a big terrace), all modernly furnished with walls made of red bricks. In the evening a glass of wine, bread and chease are included in the price, the same with the continental breakfast that we enjoyed (very good croissants and muffins).I recommend Hotel Nelligan without the slightest reservation for a trip to Montreal.	
Jul 23 2009 	This is what guest services should be!	Arriving in the early morning, our huge, beautiful, quiet room was ready but so was breakfast. We had booked two nights but were invited to a 3rd breakfast. The desk staff suggested an alternative to our top-rated restaurant choice. Chez L'epicier was half the price, a short walk away, an epicurean delight, and a great bargain (though not inexpensive). It was raining and our room had only one umbrella. Aucune probleme, just take mine monsieur. Wine and cheese in the PM, a lunch to go when we left for the airport, a private car instead of a cab, housekeeping staff who acted like we were long lost friends. All in all, the nicest staff I've met at a hotel in a long time. Go!	
Jul 21 2009 	Could be better for the money	We stayed at the Nelligan for five nights recently and don't think we would come back due to a number of service/quality issues. When I travel I really value good service and nice finishing touches that make a stay go smoothly and this was really lacking during my stay. We stayed in one their penthouse suites - which was beautiful with a terrace and kitchen and large living/dining room. However, there are not any dishes or utentils whatsoever in the kitchen, not even a water glass. When we asked all we got we a couple of rolled up sets of forks, knives and spoons. (they also neglected to clean the kitchen for the first day or so) Then the breakfasts are fairly pitiful for what is supposed to be a luxury hotel - strictly continental, with bagels (one kind), the sad cheese slices others have described and cereal and coffee. Every morning there would be throngs of people hovering around the toaster because it was the only hot thing to eat in the morning. What is really astounding is that you can't even order a hot cooked breakfast even if you want to, not from room service, not in the restaurant. It would have been nice to order up breakfast to eat on the terrace but paying $15 a person to order up the same sad bagels available downstairs seemed like too much. As others have mentioned the lobby is often quite crowded - there were corporate events every day we were there - and we often had to wait to ask for assistance. Then there was the laundry that we sent out to be done a full day before we were to leave. There is supposed to be same day turn around but when we called in the evening to see why it hadn't been delivered yet they said they hadn't actually sent it out - even though we left it before the time required - and if we hadn't called and made them send back up our dirty clothes they would have sent them out not even noticing that we were leaving the next day. Then to top it all off we asked the concierge to confirm a reservation for us at a restaurant since we didn't have a phone and were on our way out of the hotel - instead when we showed up the next night for dinner they said the hotel had actually cancelled our reservation (it turned out ok but it could have been a disaster).Don't get me wrong - the location is very good, the rooms are beautiful and I did find the bath products to be of high quality. Maybe if we had stayed in one of the cheaper rooms I would be less annoyed. But if you're looking for a luxury experience I don't think this is the place to go. I have stayed at a number of luxury hotels over the past several years and this didn't measure up - even though the price did. I was deciding between the Nelligan and the St. James and I think next time I would stay at the St. James even though it's more out of the way.	
Jul 15 2009 	Lovely Hotel with a few "issues" that could easily be improved	The Hotel Nelligan was awesome.Positives:Beautiful, very clean, very pleasant and helpful staff. Very relaxing, quiet room, wonderful jacuzzi tub in bathroom.....ahh! The bed was very comfortable and the linens were very nice....fine quality. Bathroom towels were also very very nice quality. Great location in Old Montreal......walking distance to so many nice shops.....notre dame cathedral.....the river, etc.Negatives:Seating and serving on roof is closed if it is raining. It was not open at all during the time we were there. They would do well to invest in large umbrellas and heaters as we saw in some of the other outdoor cafe's.......or advertise it as &quot;only open weather permitting&quot;.The complementary wine and cheese was horrible. The cheese was little flat triangles of what looked like Kraft american cheese......not even edible really. I don't drink wine so I can't comment on the quality of the wine. I expected lovely old cheeses.....with some flavor.The complimentary breakfast was so-so. The croissants were dry, the bagels were horrible. The fruit was good and the fruit breads were nice.All in all I would certainly stay here again as the positives outweigh the negatives.	
Jul 11 2009 	Nelligan - not what it used to be	I have been to Montreal about 20 times over the past 5 years and have stayed at the Nelligan about 10 times. I know this hotel from it's pre-expansion days. I have met the owner and his daughter, I know the general manager, I know concierge(s) and I know the front desk folks and I miss Hillary the ex-front desk manager who was always a pleasure.What I always loved about the Nelligan was the warmth that it projected. From its brick walls to the spanish style balconies to the inside courtyards, this hotel feels like a romantic getaway in charming Old Montreal. The service at the Nelligan is on par with the Vogue (don't know about the new management, but I've always thought the Vogue had the best service in town) and the Nelligan's Chief Concierge is easily the best concierge in all of Montreal. The rooftop terrace and bar is fabulous during Summer time and Verses restaurant is elegant and chic and dining at the booths is intimate and romantic.Post-expansion (63 rooms to 105) the Nelligan has taken a turn for the worse. The lobby is often crowded. The breakfast area feels more crowded. Trying to get to the folks at the front desk sometime requires lining up (I exaggerate). They pack the terrace on the rooftop and this creates a lot of traffic in this relatively small hotel. Perhaps most annoyingly, the Nelligan now hosts multiple corporate events. It is not unusual these days to see large signs in the hotel that direct people to where the event of the day is being held. Is the Nelligan the new Sheraton of Old Montreal???I think the management needs to have a clear vision of what they want the Nelligan to be. Do they want to maintain the quiet rustic charm of the Nelligan of old ... or do they want to take it in the direction of a more commercial hotel?As for me, two reasons keep bringing me back to this hotel. Jeanne the Chef Concierge at the Nelligan is outstanding. I know I am in good hands with her and that she will attend to my every request promptly and with follow-through. Maude is her fabulous understudy who is completely winning me over with her very personalized style of service that always comes with a smile. I am not ready to give up on the Nelligan yet. However, I would very much welcome a management philosophy-shift, where the quiet rustic charm of the old Nelligan is returned to this gorgeous hotel.	
Jul 11 2009 	a faded NOISY glory	A very attractive boutique hotel with large attractively furnished ( although a bit battered now)rooms bathrooms have jaccusis etc if you like that sort of thing. The problem with the hotel is that they have put a roof terrace on which due to inadequate sound proofing keeps the entire hotel awake until the small hours - had to move rooms and whilst doing this another guest appeared with a similar complaint.. Old Montreal is very vibrant and the lower rooms get street noise ++.A contruction company dropped a load of cobblestones outside our room at 7 am.Service is variable - breakfast took over an hour to come but the staff are enthusiatic, fun etc and this makes up for the service quality. SO a mixed bag eg restaurantf ood is excellent BUT expensive $200 for 2 starters and a bottle of Chablis	
Jul 5 2009 	Beautiful hotel great service and location	Based on the reviews on tripadvisor, we decided to splurge a little in Montreal and chose Hotel Nelligan. The hotel is in an old building but the decor and rooms are modern. We felt right at home in our room - the bed is super comfortable. The rooms are not large but felt just right. The location is perfect as it's about 5 minutes to the Old Port, 20 minutes to Downtown Montreal, 10 minutes to China Town, all by walking! It was nice to be able to go back to the hotel after a few hours of sight seeing, to rest and recharge before heading out again. Also, on the same street on either side of the hotel there are restaurants and art galleries so you don't have to go far.The service is impeccable. There is a daily room service but each night, there is also a turn down service and you are given two small pieces of chocolate as well as a bottle of water.	
Jul 3 2009 	Overrated	My husband and I stayed 3 nights in Hotel Nelligan after a lovely 3 night stay in Old Quebec City. The advertised nightly wine and cheese, they forgot to mention the coupons for the one glass minimum and that they don't refill the 2 cheese plates and french bread trays once they are empty. The concierge recommended only sister restaurants and couldn't provide enough information on anything else. We actually went to a nearby hotel to ask for other restaurant recommendations. The bathroom was a treat with the large 3 person jacuzzi and the lovely spa products. The bed was a bit soft and the carpet was coming up in the halls. Probably wouldn't choose to stay here again; although, the location was great! Also, both my husband and I were unable to connect to the internet, either wireless or by cable. No one was around who could help us. What a disappointment!	
Jun 29 2009 	amazing!!	My husband and I are avid travelers, and once in a while, we come across a hotel that provides us a beautiful and luxurious home-front for an idyllic vacation. Hotel Nelligan was certainly one of them. Our room was spacious and uniquely decorated, with its signature brick wall - and we fell in love with it! The staff was exquisite and tended to our every need... even showing us that something as simple as wine and cheese (and generally, we never drink, and we hate cheese!) can be wonderful and entertaining. It was really central, and we felt that we stepped right out into the center of a buzzing old city. The minute we left, I started planning our return trip (next month, as a matter of fact!). This is a great, intimate hotel for a romantic getaway or a close-knit group of friends - we've travelled all over, and experienced all sorts of things, but this hotel and this experience certainly made its impression on us and brought me a bit closer to my spouse :)	
Jun 26 2009 	dingy but pleasant	We stayed at the Nelligan hotel on my first stay in Montreal. The location is perfect in old town. We got a good rate online, so I feel it was a good value. Our room was on the atrium. It was very large. The tub was big enough for three people, but it had a ledge in it that was dangerous when taking a shower. We had a problem with the housekeeping. One day a bag of trash was left in our room; another day a pile of soiled linen was left on the floor. It was quickly corrected, but shouldn't have happened. My biggest problem was that my room didn't have enough light. Turning on every possible bulb, I could barely read. Service other than housekeeping were impeccable.	
Jun 18 2009 	J'Adore Montreal!	Montreal is a beautiful city! It was our first time there and we were amazed at how gorgeous this city was, as well as how French it is. It such an interesting place and amazing at how it has developed such a bilingual character.Hotel Nelligan is a terrific location being in the heart of the old city (which retains a very French character). Our room was very spacious, had a spa, and felt very homely. The hotel served a great breakfast and has a nice rooftop terrace. All the staff are very friendly and knowledgeable.The climb up Mont Royal is well worth it as you get a fantastic view across the entire city. Also, a cafe near our hotel called Jardin Nelson has a live jazz band and is a great place to take break.	
Jun 18 2009 	Caution - Horrible Noise from Street Construction	This is an excellent hotel in a great location.However, there is horrible problem with the noise from immediately adjacent street construction. The first night we had a deluxe corner room that is higher priced. Great room except it was immediately adjacent to the construction. In the morning, the horrible racket caused me to go to the window and view the workers with their jack hammers and cement saws immediately below our window. They were only a few feet away. Until the construction is completed, I would recommend making a point of asking for a quiet room. We spent our second night in a much quieter albeit smaller room.	
Jun 11 2009 	Good location and value for money	My first time here was in October 2008 for lunch on a business trip. I got a good impression of the atmosphere and decided to book it for 2 nights during our holiday in May 2009. On the day of arrival the weather was not good and we arrived before noon expecting there would not be any room ready for us, but the very efficient Jeanne in reception got us a room right away and even upgraded us to a suite - thanks!The location is excellent when you are in Montreal as a tourist and you have short a short walk to the metro if you need that to get around. Do take advantage of the valet parking if you arrive by car.Considering the rate of CAD214 including continental breakfast, free wifi etc it was a good value for money for us. The steakhouse in the hotel is good and was very busy with local when we were there.	
Jun 3 2009 	Too noisy couldn't get a good night's sleep for the whole week.	I used to love this hotel. We've been coming about a dozen times a year since it opened, however the last few visits have been enough to stop me from coming back. The hotel has opened a brasserie. We were given an &quot;inside court&quot; room but the music from the brasserie was so loud we couldn't get to sleep. We could hear it reverberating in the court . We called downstairs several times and the music was lowered but it was still too loud. We requested a room change and were given a beautiful room facing the street. There was construction right outside the window at 7am every morning (admittedly, not the hotel's fault) but the brasserie opened its windows onto the street when the weather got warmer, so again, the music was blaring up into the room. It was really tiring as we were both here on business for a week and had to keep it together all day. I used to love this hotel, but I won't come again and I would definitely NOT recommend it to anyone who wants or needs to get an adequate number of hours sleep.	
May 28 2009 	Great boutique hotel	This is one of my favourite hotels in Montreal. It's especially good if you are interested in staying in Old Montreal, where the cobble-stoned streets and lovely architecture lend a European feel to the adventure. This hotel has comfortable rooms, nice linens, fireplaces in many rooms, complimentary wine &amp; cheese (excellent Quebec cheeses...) and complimentary breakfast which is very good: it even includes smoked salmon. Their sister hotel, the Place D'Armes is also excellent although perhaps a bit noisier because of its location.	
May 11 2009 	Amazing service great location!!!	My fiance and I wanted a had tickets to Cavalia and the Cirque so I relied on tripadvisor for reviews of a nearby hotel. This hotel exceeded our expectations. The service was incredible. We had a small issue with the AC in our room and with just a mention we were immediately upgraded to their Junior Suite. The staff was extremely helpful when were looking for directions or asked to keep our bags late on our last day. We highly recommend this hotel! The best I've stayed at in Montreal.	
Apr 30 2009 	Hotel Nelligan Poor Service - Choose another boutique Hotel!	My Husband and I recently went to Montreal for a friend's wedding and our anniversary celebration- our 20th. We decided to stay at Hotel Nelligan as it was a boutique hotel in old Montreal, looked nice and the reviews were good. My husband called the hotel directly to book our room and mentioned that we were celebrating our anniversary so we wanted a nice room and he selected a new suite. When we arrived no mention was made of the anniversary which was fine but as far as customer service, this would have been an excellent opportunity for the hotel to acknowledge the occasion. We were shown to our room and it appeared very nice, modern, spacious and new with beautiful windows opening to the main street below. We noticed a bad smell so we opened the windows and hoped it would dissipate. I went to check out the bathroom and noticed (sorry for the graphic visual) the toilet had not been flushed an there was evidence of where the smell was coming from.. I turned away and flushed the toilet hoping to dismiss the event both physically and from my mind but was somewhat disturbed. Unfortunately the offense did not go away and was still visible. At this time my husband decided that this was not acceptable of course and called down to the front desk to report the complaint. The hotel staff were very dismissive and told us they would take us to another room but did not apologize or seem concerned, embarrassed, appalled...We were shown another room, smaller and with only one small window facing an alley. We told them that we wanted a room of at least the same caliber if not an upgrade given the circumstances. We were very polite and did not want to make a big deal of the event .We were then shown another room in the old section of the hotel which was nice but not nearly as nice as the first. and the furniture was dated At this point we just wanted to get settled as we had dinner reservations and it was getting late so we accepted this room. We also were beginning to feel embarrassed that we were appearing too picky. Needless to say, we were not pleased. The room was inferior and the staff unapologetic about the embarrassing situation. This was an opportunity for the hotel to turn a negative customer service event into a positive, I don't know what they teach in Hotel Management School but it seemed like 101 of Customer Service issues to provide us with an upgraded if not equivalent room.One more comment, the breakfast / lounge area is somewhat dated and I have to comment on the music- Lionel Richie and Barry Manillow consistently played ( no offense to those who are fans but- ) not the kind of hip ambience background music you would expect in a boutique hotel in Old Montreal. Why not some nice jazz? Try the Hotel Gault. We have stayed there before and it has a much better vibe as well as excellent customer service!	
Apr 21 2009 	MUST Stay- awesome location and wonderful staff	Great location. Room looking the streets was a great treat. since I love the cobblestones and seeing the horses passby. Overall, great experience and a lot of restaurants, and stores nearby. MUST STAY here! will be here again.	
Apr 21 2009 	Lovely hotel with impeccable service	My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Nelligan for 5 nights in early April for a get away. It is a beautiful hotel. Very lovely lobby area (with a fireplace) that is cozy and comfy especially after a cold day of sight seeing. Our room was a King Loft room. A bit smaller than I expected, but nevertheless spacious. It was a beautiful room with a cool brick and stone wall, large windows that open, an extremely comfortable bed with really good linens, and a large bathroom with jacuzzi tub. The room was showing a bit of wear and tear, the curtain drawstrings are broken on one set of windows, the shower in the bathroom is showing stains in the grout. Our room was very quiet. I can see though how it might get noisy at night during the summer when tourists are out and about until late hours of the night as our room faced Rue St. Paul. The service was impeccable and personal. The staff is obviously well-trained. I was a little disappointed with the breakfast and afternoon wine and cheese. The breakfast is a continental breakfast, it's ok, but nothing exciting. It'll fill you up but if you want really good pastries and coffee, I would recommend that you go to Olive and Gourmando's. The wine and cheese reception is even more disappointing. It's a spread of 4 standard cheeses like chedder, muenster, etc and the wine is not very good. But these 2 things did not detract from my experience at the hotel. It would have been nice if the breakfast and wine/cheese was better, but my main requirements for a hotel are rooms that are quiet, clean, beautiful, well-maintained, with a comfy bed, and where staff is courteous and helpful. Hotel Nelligan fulfilled all of those requirements wonderfully.	
Apr 12 2009 	The Nelligan is Great	I have stayed at the Nelligan a number of times over the years. It continues to be an exceptional small hotel and has maintained its high standard over the years. The king loft rooms are very nice, large, and a great romantic getaway for the weekend. Has a nice in-room CD player with CD's at the front desk if you do not have any and a fireplace. The included evening cheese and wine and the breakfast continues to be a nice touch and when you figure this into the room price it makes it very reasonable, especially in the off season. Great place to see if you want to be in old Montreal.	
Apr 7 2009 	Great Location Great Food Great Room...what more could you ask for?	Hotel Nelligan is located in Old Montreal, which is loaded with little cafes and bars. There is great food and great nightlife abound. (Gibby's Steakhouse was our pick, which was a terrific old steakhouse, a bit crowded but the food over compensated.) The hotel itseld is small, quiant, clean, and friendly. The room featured an extremely lush and comforatable bed, a faux fireplace (electric) and a two person jacuzzi tub. Outside of the cold rainy weather, it was an outstanding choice!!!	
Mar 7 2009 	Nice rooms great fireplace. I will always come back in the summer	Great hotel, great rooms, great location (summer), ok location (Nov-Apr). Hotel is located in old montreal which closes down quite a bit in the off seasons.Great service. Fitness room - DecentBonus -- some rooms have a huge hot tub in the roomBeautiful rooms; great charm	
Feb 18 2009 	Lovely boutique hotel	My husband and I stayed at the Nelligan recently, and we can't say enough nice things about it. The rooms are nicely furnished, the staff was very attentive, and the hotel is convenient to Old Montreal. We stayed in a room with a fireplace and double jacuzzi tub, and found it very romantic.	
Jan 5 2009 	Excellent Hotel	An excellent hotel. Great location, friendly staff, well thought out room with everything you need, great bathrooms, modern design and furnishings throughout the hotel, very comfortable beds and pillows, excellent restaurants, nice touch with the free wine and cheese in the evening, very reasonably priced - can't recommend this place enough. Would probably put it in my top 5 hotels that I have stayed at in the world.	
Dec 10 2008 	Perfect stay in Old Montreal	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Nelligan for two nights in March. I loved every single thing about the hotel. It was perfect.The atmosphere of the Nelligan is classy, modern, comfortable, stylish, relaxed, and sexy. The room was a dream- exposed brick walls, a huge bathroom with a luxurious tub, a comfortable bed with tons of pillows. Breakfast was wonderful, but even better was the complimentary wine and cheese in the evening; it was perfect before wandering around Old Montreal and deciding where to eat dinner.The concierge and rest of the hotel staff were extremely professional, and just how a service-oriented staff should be. When we needed reservations the concierge took care of them effortlessly, and my boyfriend and I would return to our room to find a reminder card about the restaurant. The small touches made a difference. When first getting to our room, classical music was quietly playing on the radio. A small card was left at turn-down service to let us know of the next day's weather. The shampoo and soap was better than average. Usually a hotel's website portrays a better than actual image. However, I was not prepared for how wonderful the Nelligan would be; it exceeded my expectations. It spoiled me, set the bar very high, and I hope to have another romantic getaway there before long. I can't recommend the Nelligan enough! It is the best hotel I have ever experienced.	
Nov 8 2008 	Great base in Montreal	We enjoyed our recent stay at the Nelligan. Previous comments have mentioned noisy rooms, but ours couldn't have been quieter. The rooms are nicely appointed in a contemporary fashion. The wine and cheese reception and continental breakfast in the atrium are added pluses. We found the hotel to be conveniently located for our purposes and the staff was helpful. The hotel's valet parking service is definitely the way to go in that neighborhood.	
Nov 7 2008 	great hotel/great location	My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Nelligan during Labor Day weekend to celebrate my birthday. The location was perfect in Old Montreal--down the street from restaurants, bars, souvenir shops and within walking distance of the metro and the old harbor. We bought a metro pass, but ended up walking most places around the city, enjoying the sites. Breakfast was continental but sufficient and the evening wine/cheese was the perfect snack before going out for dinner. The room was clean, although dimly lit. The turndown service with a Lindt chocolate was a nice surprise. I would definately recommend this hotel for the price, location and service.The crepe/fondue restaurant down the street (toward the square) was delicious! It was a little expensive but well worth it.	
Nov 5 2008 	Wonderful hotel in great location	A longtime friend and I stayed for 3 nights at the Nelligan at the beginning of October, prior to our Canada/New England cruise. We were very impressed with the exceptionally helpful front desk staff. Our room was beautiful and was kept spotlessly clean by the housekeeping staff. We chose the Nelligan because of the great reviews on this site and we were delighted with our choice!	
Nov 1 2008 	Hotel "Not Again"	I would not recommend Hotel Nelligan as its reservation system is a hoax. I rendezvoused with 2 longtime friends in Montreal, all coming from different locations (Maine, Colorado, and NY). Our trip had been planned for 3 months and reservations had been made and confirmed. When we arrived after days of traveling, there was no record of our reservation even though one of the staff members at the reservation desk remembered speaking with us and making the reservation. Still, the hotel was full when we arrived with no room for us. They offered to split up our group and put 2 of us at their sister hotel or put all 3 of us in a room together. This was the beginning of a comedy of errors from the moment we arrived until we left. They managed to do some shuffling of rooms our second day but continued to make promises they could not deliver. One of my friends was intruded upon during an afternoon nap when one of the hotel staff brought a new guest into the room thinking she had checked out. Upon checking out, my friends and I divided our bill 3 ways and gave 3 separate credit cards, making sure to have signatures confirming &quot;final payment&quot; on each so as to avoid further errors connected with our hotel stay. Nonetheless, a month later, my credit card statement arrived and had not been billed at all, while my friend from Colorado had been billed twice. If there was an opportunity to do something right or wrong in connection with this hotel experience, it never failed, it was done wrong. The hotel staff was very gracious in their apologies and gifts of bottles of wine sent to our rooms. We would have been much happier, however, if there had been fewer reasons to apologize and send wine. They were very friendly in the midst of their chaos. The hotel was clean, comfortable, and lovely, and the food was good. Butwe spent way too much of our 3 day vacation dealing with room changes and inefficiency when we would like to have been visiting with each other and relaxing. To top it off, the hotel manager implied that perhaps we had never made a reservation, like perhaps we had made up our confirmation numbers and created the scam ourselves!Cindy from Maine, never again	
Oct 26 2008	Excellent hotel great location	We stayed a couple of nights at this hotel. It's located behind the Notre Dame cathedral right in Vieux Montreal. It's close the main attractions and even a metro station is near by. I've booked a room with two beds, when we arrived they informed us that they didn't have one available so they upgraded us to a penthouse suite with two rooms, an two beds of course. Needless to say the suite was splendid.	
Oct 22 2008 	Loved the hotel - not so much the location	We decided to go to Montreal on a whim on frequent flyer miles. We spent one night in Hotel Kutuma because of the Nelligan being full. Since we explored the city on that one day we stayed at Kutuma, we thought the location isn’t ideal for what we had in mind. The hotel is very modern and we loved the ambiance. The location In Vieux Montreal was lacking at least for me. While I love the ambiance, ancient buildings, streets and alleyways, it was a little dead at night. And it's quite a metro ride from the happening places like St Denis, etc. The room was wonderful, white sheets and towels and bathrobe - I love white sheets and towels and bathrobes.Breakfast was served in the lobby every morning (the omelets were $10 and not free - I completely didn't see the sign that said so), they had really good coffee, also loved the happy hour where they served wine and cheese in the lobby from 5 to 7pm. The wonderful surprise was, they gave us a voucher to use for the night, one glass of wine each because we missed the happy hour for that day.	
Oct 22 2008 	Wonderful Stay!	Just returned from a 5 night stay in Montreal and am so glad we decided to stay at the Nelligan Hotel.The hotel is centrally located in Old Montreal and was within easy walking distance to great shopping, restaurants, points of interest, and the metro system. When we arrived we were upgraded (we think, perhaps an error on the part of the person who checked us in) to a corner suite which was fabulous. We had booked a King Loft which would have been just fine, but the additional space of the suite was really nice. The room was very clean, with upscale contemporary furnishings. The linens and bathroom were awesome. The staff was friendly and helpful whenever we had a question, and they were able to assist us with money exchanges as well.We used the metro each day which was very easy and efficient. I would recommend the Botanical Gardens, a trip to the Underground City, and a stroll along the port side. There is also a really good gelato/pastry shop just a few blocks down from the hotel that I highly recommend.A few words of caution: we had a tough time finding public restrooms on somedays. Never did find one in Mont Royal Park, which was a shame as we could have spent a whole day there. Also, at the time we were visiting, they were tearing up the streets around the hotel which resulted in early wake-ups (think 7am) each morning. Not the hotel's fault, but not really what you want when you're on vacation. I would inquire about that if you are planning a stay in the near future.Overall, we had a wonderful trip and would definitely return to the Nelligan. The Nelligan is really nice place to call home while touring Montreal!	
Oct 21 2008 	DISASTER: Venting problem 	Venting problem at Hotel Nelligan on 2nd floor especially Room 225. Somehow, smells from the kitchen are very strong on that floor during breakfast and dinner (we were not there during lunch so we don’t really know how bad it is). Breakfast smell in the morning was breathable but fish smell during dinner on late Saturday night was extremely uncomfortable. I finally figure out why there is a bottle of OXIA Personal Oxygen on sale for $16.95 CAD in the bathroom.Avoid staying here on Friday or Saturday night due to the noise from the banquet hall. This is very popular place for Wedding. Music is extremely loud until 2:30 am in the morning. Well, if you are there for the Wedding, then it is great.Front desk manager is rude in addressing our request.	
Oct 11 2008 	Great Hotel 	We really enjoyed our stay at the Nelligan and we would definately stay there again. Service was above average and the rooms were very clean and seemed to be brand new. The lights in the room were very contemporary and did not shed quite as much light as we desired. Our room was quite quiet. The location of the hotel could not have been better. The free wine and cheese at cocktail time was very welcome. We especially appreciated the flexibility to use the wine/cheese coupons at the two sister hotels in the old city. The restuarant has a very good menu and the service and food were very good. The front desk staff were quite good and helped us choose restuarants and directed us to important sights.	
Oct 6 2008 	Lovely....	We had a great stay here. Excellent location in old town of Montreal. We had a lovely room with exposed brick work and a great overhead shower. We ate in the restaurant and the food was lovely. Staff were helpful. You can even buy a personal oxygen cylinder for about $16!! Not sure why you would though!	
Sep 27 2008 	catalogue of errors in restaurant	Didn't stay in hotel as they only had lofts left in sister building that i had read bad reviews for. Tried the restaurant anyway when in Montreal as it looked ok and was in the middle of the old town.Watch out when the conferences are in town and they are busy. They deleted my dinner reservation, and my main (Guinea fowl) was served really raw. Replacement Tuna was good, but smarmy waiter asked me to &quot;enjoy!&quot; - politely [-]. No one came back to see if the replacement was less fatal, and I didn't get an apology. They are so busy they don't really care about a table for 2 and just wanted rid of us by then. We left after that, and i refused to pay for anything but the starters and wine, but even regret that now as the Maître d' appeared to have [-] off home by then and i could probably have argued my way out for free.Enjoy!	
Sep 25 2008 	Great hotel but not a location for young people	I went for 4 nights with my boyfriend and we loved the hotel. We paid $250/nt (incl. taxes) and it was worth the money. Exposed brick walls, big windows, big luxurious bed, big bathroom. Only complaint is that there is nowhere to put anything - no luggage racks &amp; no counter space in the bathroom. This is in the heart of Vieux Montreal, which we thought would be great. However, I would not stay here again. We are in our 30's and like to walk around all day, eat good food, explore. This is not a good location for that - Vieux Montreal is for older people who want to eat at expensive restaurants and take cabs everywhere. There is nothing within walking distance, not even a coffee place (except Starbucks, which is what I was trying to avoid by leaving the US). Next time I would stay in Plateau Mont-Royal. That is where all of the cute little restaurants and shops are and it is much less touristy than Vieux Montreal. Plus the hotels are less expensive. You can spend one day exploring Vieux Montreal and that will be enough because there is nothing to do there except admire the cobblestones and nice buildings.	
Sep 21 2008 	Hotel Nelligan renamed "Hotel Not Again"	** Note: this hotel also owns the Place d'Armes and another property in Montreal.This place is a disaster. I had booked a double room over 2 months ago from the states and was given a confirmation number. Upon arriving at the hotel, for a reunion with 2 other friends, the front desk only had one reservation and although I gave them the confirmation number, they denied ever booking a second room. The general manager even implied that we were making up a confirmation number! The next day, I recognized the woman at the front who had made my reservation and she recalled speaking with me.The first night all 3 of us slept in 1 room, as they were completely booked and had tried to have 2 of us switch to a &quot;sister hotel&quot;. The following morning, staff told us that in order to make up for the inconvenience, they would give 2 of us the penthouse and that it would be ready at 3:00 PM. When we returned to the hotel, we were given a small double room instead.The friend in the single room even had a bellboy awake her by opening the door to her room with a guest in tow!None of us would recommend this hotel. They are incredibly inefficient and just did not care. Management was borderline rude.	
Sep 8 2008 	perfect stay at Hotel Nelligan	We stayed at Hotel Nelligan in June to celebrate our wedding anniversay and I fell in love with this hotel. I told my husband I wanted to come back every year at the same time. We had booked the penthouse and don't hesitate to book it. At around $300 a night it is a great deal for your money. We had a huge deck overlooking the Old port, the view is amazing. The Montreal fireworks festival was on that night, what more can you ask for? We saw the whole show from our deck while having a glass of wine, and felt like we were living the lifestyle of the rich and famous!! I know a huge suite like this would be much more expensive elsewhere. The staff was attentive, the wine and cheese a nice touch, and the breakfast had the best chocolate croissants... We did not eat supper at the restaurant, we decided to walk and go Chez l'Epicier, an excellent french restaurant just a few blocks from there. The location of the hotel is great, you are right in the middle of the action of Old Montreal.	
Sep 3 2008 	Wonderful experience	Hi! My husband and I had the pleasure of staying at this very nice hotel in mid august for 3 nights. I had gotten a package thru the montreal tourism website. I believe it was called the sweet deal package. You had to stay 3 nights, but they reduced the rate of the room and gave you a little gift as well as some certificates to use at the casino and if you spent 75.00 at Eatons center you received a free bag. The rooms were very clean, the staff was informative and friendly. Always ready to give recommendations for restaurants and mapquesting routes for us to get back to Quebec City.  The hotel was in a great location, close to the Notre Dame cathedral, old port, and metro. We easily navigated the city using the metro, then walking to various locations.  In regards to what a previous writer had wrote about the problems her family endured, I'm sad for her. However, I don't know if it's a hotel we would bring our children to. It did seem more adult oriented.  If you are considering a nice getaway to a beautiful area of Montreal, I would certainly recommend the Hotel Nelligan.	
Aug 29 2008	Would stay here again	We stayed here in mid-Feb for a winter package deal (don't remember the details)Overall, very good experience. Enjoyed the room, good amenimies, continental breakfast and wine hour very good. Staff courtious and helpful. Convient location for walking to attractions. Would stay here again.	
Aug 27 2008	Yes great location but many flaws	I made a reservation for 2 adults and 2 children requesting a quiet room. I was booked in a corner suite. I told the hotel we would be arriving late in the evening and they assured me it would be no problem and everything would be ready for us. When we arrived, I was told we would be on the second floor facing the street. When I questioned the noise factor, I was told it would not be a problem,and besides, they had no other rooms available. When we were brought to our room and saw the sofa, we asked why it was not pulled out and ready for our kids to sleep on.(it was 10:30 pm) We were told all the linens were on the bed and all we had to do was pull it out. After settling in and giving our kids a snack, we pulled out the bed and it was just a bare mattress. We called down to housekeeping and were told they would be right up with the linens. A half hour later we called down again. Finally, they came up and handed us the linens for us to make the bed ourselves because housekeeping had left for the evening. Is this a luxury hotel? Also, gave us 3 towels for 4 people. Street noise was the WORST I have ever experienced anywhere-EVER! None of us slept. (We've lived in NYC!) When we called to complain the next morning we were told there were no other rooms available. Yet, the website showed availability. Also, no apology for the making the bed debacle the night before. Breakfast is a joke. Each morning we came down and the empty tables were uncleared and filthy. There was very little to eat at the Continental breakfast except the additional $10 omelettes. Small TV is as far as from the bed as possible. It was too far for the remote to reach it. A 2 foot computer wire kept us tethered to the desk. We called down 3 times to ask for a longer wire and were told they had none. They never mentioned nor did anything in all the room literature that they had Wi Fi!! We found this out as we were checking out. Front desk could not tell us approximately how much cab fare to a nearby neighborhood would be. Would it be $10 or $50? They did not know. After taking a bath and then playing in the room, my kids feet were black. The floors were filthy! As were all the shutters in the room. They were coated with 3 inches of dust. There was absolutely nowhere to unpack anything. If you have anything more than a t -shirt and toothbrush- good luck. The entire stay was like a balancing act. We had stacks of stuff piled everywhere. If you tried to put a razor and soap bar in the shower, one would fall to the floor. Phone by the bed would not dial the front desk or anywhere in the hotel, only regular calls. So, if you were in bed and wanted to call for a wake-up call, you would have to get out of bed and use the other phone. It really is a shame because I so wanted to love the hotel. The location is great and the room happened to be so pretty. But, everything about it was sooo inconvenient.. The rude unapologetic manager we spoke to did take $40 off our bill for the inconvenience of my entire family not sleeping for 3 nights. Come on!!	
Aug 26 2008 	Great Nelligan	A great location in Old Montreal. Could not be better. The hotel staff were very accomodating and the room was a delight. The wine and cheese was a nice touch. We would go back and have already recomended it to friends. A $35.00 taxi ride from airport. Enjoyed Montreal. Lots to see and do	
Aug 25 2008 	Lovely Spot in Old Montreal	As this was our first trip to Montreal and we didn’t know the city at all, it was difficult to know where to stay. The maps all blurred together, and we had no idea what was a charming street or what was not. With a huge assortment of lodging options, and many with good reviews, it seemed to come down to aesthetics and general location.We prefer modern design (but not cold), so it was an easy choice to avoid the over-the-top antique-ish spots or stark clubby options. In the end we chose the Hotel Nelligan for its location in Vieux Montreal and it’s welcoming warm design. We were not disappointed.The neighborhood feels a bit like SOHO in NY, with a touch of Paris tossed in. It’s a mixture of restaurants, bars, galleries and shops. Some tragically touristy, some less so. The charming but touristy Place Jacques Cartier is a few minutes walk, as well as the lovely quays of the old port, city hall, Notre Dame, etc. Overall we were very pleased with the location and the ease with which we were able to walk to other areas, such as downtown, Quartier Latin, Plateau Mont-Royal, Le Village, etc.We never made it on to the Metro as we like to explore by foot, but there seem to be stops a few minutes away. All in all very easy.The hotel- two old 5 story brick buildings connected by a lovely interior atrium. The room was nice. Very warm, cozy and comfortable. There may be potential issues with street noise, so it’s important to be aware that this is a small building in a lively and hopping neighborhood. I believe windows are single pane, and this could be an issue for some people. We actually had to change rooms due to a noise problem with the ventilation system (a fluke, I would say), and the staff gave us several options so we got to see some different rooms. It is important to note that they were extremely helpful.The room we ended up with was in the back of the hotel and very quiet. Large and relaxing. The bed was absolutely wonderful. An extremely comfortable king bed with lots of down pillows and a dreamy duvet. Perfect. The bathroom was just ok however. Nice and elegant but nothing special. Tub and shower were fine but unremarkable, and water pressure was just ok. All in all not a “vacation-like” shower escape, but certainly not bad at all. (One of the other rooms we saw was a lot smaller, but actually had a modern glass rain shower.)The staff was amazing. Extremely helpful, patient, kind and professional. (They even left us a small box of chocolates to apologize for the ventilation issue). Breakfast was decent and served in the atrium. Yogurts, cereals, pastries, toast, juices, fruit. The usual. Coffee was mediocre however. Well nothing is perfect! There was complimentary afternoon wine and cheese in the atrium as well. Quite a nice touch. We did not try the restaurant for dinner.Décor was very pleasant. Contemporary but warm and cozy. A bit warn around the edges in spots, but all in all a very nice place. (One small detail- I found the garish modern art paintings in the atrium and lobby to clash terribly with the elegant atmosphere. My guess is that these are temporary as they are for sale.)All in all we were very happy with our choice. We had just com from Hotel 71 in Quebec City, so the standards were high. I’d say the Nelligan did well. It was also reasonably priced and seemed to be excellent value for the money.Now that we know the city a bit, we might stay there again, but would most likely pick a slightly less touristy spot for our next visit. The Hotel Place d’Armes (owned by the same folks) would probably be high on our list. We liked it’s location.Overall we had a terrific time in Montreal. Saw a wonderful exhibition at the Musée des Beaux Arts (Yves Saint Laurent), explored interesting neighborhoods, took a fantastic bike ride along with water and out to the Biosphere, and had some terrific dining experiences. Breakfast at St. Viateur Bagel Café, and dinner at Schwartz’s (a crowded and noisy Jewish deli with great food. It was excellent and well worth the wait in line.)Would we recommend the Nelligan? Definitely. If you wish to be centrally located and in Vieux Montreal, this is the place for you.	
Aug 21 2008 	best pillows best bed best service	Just got back from the Hotel Nelligan and our stay here was lovely in all ways. The service, especially Jean and Terek, were professional and top notch. The room was zen like in appearance and the bed and pillows were so amazing that I had to purchase two pillows from the hotel to take home. The location in old Montreal is great and the restaurants affliated with the hotels were great.During our first night there, we had wine and cheese and listened to live mellow music in the cafe in the hotel.Truly a great place to stay	
Aug 20 2008 	A rare beauty and an exceptional value.	I just returned from the Nelligan. We had a wonderful stay in the hotel in a King Loft suite. Nelligan has a winning combination of boutique chic and first rate service yet manages to remain unpretentious. The staff at some hip hotels can tend to come off as too cool to issue you a plastic key card. This was not the case at the Nelligan- everyone was top notch. The rooms were immaculate. The room service food was great and reasonably priced compared to similar hotels I have stayed in. The burger was the best I've ever had. I am a pretty tough critic and found only a few minor &quot;flaws&quot; in the bathroom- the bath fixtures were loose, and there were no towel hooks or large towel bars. The location is wonderful and the price was truly right here. I know I would pay close to $400 a night in San Francisco or New York for a comparable space and I doubt it would offer the same winning combination. Bravo Nelligan!	
Aug 19 2008 	Great Hotel!!!	The Hotel Nelligan is a great location. I originally considered staying downtown, but am so happy that I decided to stay in Old Montreal and especially in the Hotel Nelligan. The front desk staff is courteous, professional and knowledgeable. Jeanne was particularly helpful. The rooms are immaculately clean. If you can, resesrve the King loft with the fire place and jacuzzi tub in the bathroom. It is worth the extra money. I highly recommend this hotel.	
Aug 19 2008 	Ambiant Calm	As others have written, the Nelligan is a great place to stay in Montreal. The location is great, the service lovely, and the rooms are very comfortable and sophisticated. I decided to splurge and it was worth it! We were upgraded upon arrival, and enjoyed the jacuzzi tub and evening wine and cheese. Right down the street you can have breakfast at the wonderful olive+gourmand, and rent bikes closeby as well. The perfect ambiance for romantic getaways!	
Aug 19 2008 	Wonderful hotel in perfect location	Loved this hotel. We stayed in a king corner suite in room 206. The exposed brick walls, gigantic whirpool tub and incredibly comfy bed made it hard to ever leave the room. The room also had a sofa bed that was perfect place for our son to sleep. Housekeeping staff made it up each night with feather duvets and soft pillows. The room faced the street so if you are a light sleeper, you might want to request a different room. Lots of action on the streets on Fri and Saturday nights. The wine reception at night was great way to relax after a busy day sightseeing. There are lots of fun little restaurants on the street and a fabulous bakery around the corner that had some of the yummiest cupcakes I have tasted. The rooftop restaurant is also a nice place for a glass wine and lunch.	
Aug 17 2008 	Great Hotel!	We spent four nights at Hotel Nelligan and had a great stay. The staff were friendly and polite. The location in the old town fantastic. The room was really nicely decorated with a nice modern feel and was big compared to most botique hotels. I am in this business and have a tendency to look for problems or faults when staying in other hotels. I couldn´t find anything to moan about and I can only sing their praise. I think this hotel would suit most kinds of travellers but if you want a romantic break in Montreal, stay here.	
Aug 12 2008 	Whoa Nelligan! A Four Star Porch to Vieux Montreal.	Some hotels are meant to be sanctuaries from the world outside. The Hotel Nelligan takes a different approach. After spending one busy Saturday night in August with my ten year old son, I have concluded that the Hotel Nelligan serves as the front porch to the incredibly vibrant neighborhood of Vieux Montreal (Old Montreal). The hotel takes the best of the area’s shopping, dining, art and social scene and welcomes it inside.It’s hard to talk about the Hotel Nelligan without talking about Vieux Montreal. We arrived at 8:30 pm on Saturday night which turned out to be the most impossibly chaotic time to be driving a car down the cobblestone streets of Rue Saint-Paul. There were people everywhere. The gridlock reached a climax at the Place Jacques-Cartier where two major pedestrian thoroughfares intersect in a hubbub of street performers, perhaps the continent’s most concentrated contingent of caricature artists, and tourists and locals alike. I hail from Los Angeles and I equate it to having two Third Street Promenades crashing into each other. The resulting social melting pot was positively exhilarating.The Hotel Nelligan was a microcosm of this. The hotel takes over several abandoned warehouse buildings and connects them with dramatic spaces, preserving the soaring atriums and a lot of the brickwork that give the place its contemporary yet comfortable character. The entrance along the Rue St. Paul is full of storefronts, with the hotel’s Verses Restaurant on one side of the front door and a trendy retail store on the other. Both contribute to the hotel’s liveliness. It’s also a plus that the hotel has a two-block buffer between it and the Place Jacques-Cartier, so even though there’s a lot of traffic and people around, it’s not stifling. Activity inside the hotel was bustling throughout our stay, not in a W-esque, clubby, bump-bump-bumping kind of way. The Hotel Nelligan drew a more sophisticated eclectic crowd. Instead of conceiving the public space as a bar, the Hotel Nelligan conceived it as a living room and parlor.As a hotel guest, the proof is in the pudding of the rooms. For the most part, the rooms at the Hotel Nelligan delivered. There were a lot of things that I liked:• The rooms are equipped with an excellent flat screen TV, a souped-up clock radio with I-pod docking station, and a separate stereo system with fairly decent speakers. To cap it off, they even had a list of audio CD’s which I could check out. While the TV should’ve been mounted on the wall so that it could give me a little more precious space on the built-in long desk, all in all the place is wired to the max.• The pièce de résistance is the bathroom, and specifically the shower. I’m a sucker for rain shower heads with separate hand washers. The shower experience here is awe inspiring. One of the few misses in the room, however, are some of the bathroom finishes. The wall tile is a poor vinyl selection which looks cheap and is installed poorly. I also had trouble finding wall hooks for my towels but did manage to discover several cleverly placed rods.• Under the category of “I’ve never seen this in a hotel room before”, the bathrooms came stocked with an Oxia personal oxygen dispenser which looked a lot like a wide-body shaving cream can. For $16.95 (or a lot more if you take the entire canister) I could get an unblemished oxygen whiff. I’ll admit I was tempted but didn’t inhale.• There was attractive, original, geometric, painted artwork above the headboard, or at least artwork which worked hard to avoid looking mass-produced. In addition, a very comfortable fuzzy throw blanket hangs diagonally over the corner of the bed - a gracious extra which was cleverly presented.• An ATM machine in a corridor off the lobby is particularly convenient for American travelers since there aren’t a lot of banks immediately nearby.What didn’t work for me? For one, my first impression when walking into my standard king room was “Oh, this is a little small. Cool, but small. New York or London small.” An extra foot or two would really make the room a lot more livable, since as it was, there was less than a meter to get around in places. The high ceilings were a saving grace, though, opening up the room quite a bit. Also, I found the rooms way too dark. The poor lighting was exacerbated by one small window and the dark furniture and slate gray/blue/black color scheme – I really had to work hard when I checked out to make sure I didn’t leave something on the floor. Having a dimmer switch would’ve been welcomed (I admit that I might’ve come away with an entirely different reaction to the mood lighting if I was taking my wife on a romantic urban getaway instead of taking my son to tour Montreal). The lighting problem was even more compounded in the bathroom where the light above the sink just didn’t get bright enough (my wife, had she been there, would’ve run to the store and installed her own bulbs). The disconnect was particularly confusing for me since the lobby areas were generally lighter with warmer and a little less ruthlessly modern with organic colors, softer leather finishes and a more eclectic décor. My only other comment would be that I found the mattress to be rather hard like a futon – maybe it’s personal preference, though the pillows and comforter were delightful.I thought the hotel’s service level was outstanding. When I couldn’t find a parking space in front of the hotel to check in, the valet offered to retrieve my car a few blocks away and repark it. When we checked out and wanted to walk around, they put our bags directly into our car. The free glass of wine for each guest when they check in is a nice touch and it certainly helps to get people into to bar area. Oh, and the complimentary breakfast was also well done, though beneath the elegant presentation, it was a fairly conventional continental breakfast, but the omelet bar for $6 was indeed an added bonus. Having a ten-year old boy with me, I didn’t test out the fine dining restaurant, spa, roof deck or other hotel services (my son did regret not having a pool, but he loved being close to the waterfront). The front desk staff was charming, friendly and helpful. All in all, I really appreciated the hotel’s concerted effort to reevaluate everything I typically see when I spend the night away from home. There were clever hits and a few misses, but when I go out, I’m looking for a transformative experience. For one glorious night in Vieux Montreal, I got that experience and more from the Hotel Nelligan.	
Aug 4 2008 	Great Location	This is a lovely small and very personal hotel in an excellent location with great staff and lovely service. The staff couldn't have been more helpful from recommending what to see and to to booking an excellent restaurant (Boris Bistro but you do need to book in advance).	
Jul 26 2008 	hotel deserves all the plaudits it gets	Fantastic location in Old Montreal, for this very contemporary hotel. We stayed in seven hotels during our tour of Canada and this was by far the best. The décor and staff were great, and the rooftop bar a real bonus	
Jul 22 2008 	Whoa Nellie!	The Nelligan is the wonder horse everyone claims it to be!My wife and I stayed at the Nelligan for three nights using the Montreal Sweet deal packageWe made our reservation using the hotels web site---after a problem with the site the manager quickly solved our reservation problem and upgraded our room. We stayed in a King Deluxe room and it was excellent. Clean, spacious, exposed brick, deep stone windows, fireplace, superb king bed, turn down service, robes, thick towels and massive bathroom and double jacuzzi tubBreakfast --served in the amazing atrium--was continental, the pain au chocolat were yummy and the coffe and tea very nice. The nightly wine and cheese were a nice bonus, although the last two nights a little too loud because of a conference group at the hotelThe hotel staf were old school throwbacks--we have only had this type of service in Washington DC--holding open doors, supplying umbrellas, quality information and an ever positive attitudeWe loved Old Montreal--recommend seeing Notre Dame, the walking tour---take the walking tour first, as it includes a return admission to Notre Dame. We rented bikes from Ca Roule--just around the corner---solid bikes and a great way to see Montreal. The Museum of Fine Arts has a nice Moderns collection as wellHad dinner at Modavie(recommend for Jazz and quiet romance), Restaurant holder (decent food and good for a loud group) and Boris Bistro (have the duck risotto)We will return to the Nelligan	
Jun 27 2008 	Loved The Nelligan	We loved The Nelligan. The location in Vieux Montreal was perfect for walking and seeing the sights of the city. We enjoyed the complimentary glass of wine and cheese each evening in the lobby bar and the continental breakfast buffet in the mornings. Unfortunately the weather was cool and damp, so we did not get a chance to enjoy the rooftop. Our room (412) was delightful. It was a corner room, so we had windows on two sides for lots of light (although, as mentioned above, no sun!). The brick interior walls coupled with the contemporary bedding made for a comfortable and pleasant appearance. The only possible complaint I could make would be the lack of good counter space in the bathroom. The desk staff was very helpful (and can switch from French to English in the blink of an eye). We were especially impressed when we were asking about a cab to the airport for checkout day. We had a rental car to pick up. The concierge immediately said that there were closer Avis pick up points and called the car rental company to arrange for us to pick up the car only a short distance away in downtown. We were able to save at least a couple of hours by not having to go to the airport - and, even though the car rental was done through Priceline.com, we were not charged for different pick up and drop offs. We also learned that The Nelligan offers complimentary airport shuttle service. We had not known this and suggest anyone flying into Montreal with reservations at The Nelligan should check into it. We highly recommend this hotel.	
Jun 22 2008	Hotel Nexcellent!	No doubt about it, this is one of the best hotels I've ever stayed in. Located in the middle of Vieux Montreal, it's within easy walking distance to great shopping, dining, sightseeing, and the squeaky clean Montreal metro system.The hotel is lovely, too. The room my daughter and I shared was exceptionally large, beautifully appointed, and immaculate. I'm a sucker for exposed brick walls. They add warmth and a sense of history to interiors---and this is perfectly true at Hotel Nelligan., where the retro feel of the brick walls is balanced by top of the line electronics provided in each room.The staff were incredibly friendly and helpful, especially the concierge Jeanne LeFebvre, who took care of us with an enthusiasm and competence that were simply outstanding.Continental breakfast, free for guests, consists of delicious bread and pastries, yogurt, cheeses, hardboiled eggs, good coffee, a superb fruit melange, fruit juices, and more. Hot dishes may be ordered from the menu, at additional cost.Though the hotel's two main restaurants get really good reviews,the only other meal we had there was lunch at La Terrasse on the roof, overlooking the city. I had seared salmon salad on a bed of grilled, julienned vegetables---it was simple, fresh, and perfectly prepared. The wait staff and chef were very accommodating to our need to be served quickly so we could catch a taxi to the airport.I'm so happy to have stayed at the Hotel Nelligan. I will certainly visit it again.	
Jun 20 2008 	Elegant Boutique Hotel	Great Location on Rue St. Paul where all the restaurants, shops &amp; galleries are located in the Old Port Area &amp; one block behind the waterfront promenade.Very spacious &amp; modern inside (we stayed at a loft King) with a electric fireplace, great entertainment center which included wide screen LCD, stereo and a complimentary varied CD collection. Besides a closet, plenty of drawer space , nice lighting and wide windows although not much to see outside. Impressive marble bath w/ separate tub/spa &amp; glass shower &amp; 2 wash basins with all the little personal hygiene stuff, including robes &amp; sandals. Upstairs they have a wide open terraza with a bar to spend some time enjoying great views. Downstairs nice cozy lobby with sitting area to enjoy the very appreciated &amp; included afternoon wine &amp; cheese &amp; check out the crowd. Also included a pretty good continental breakfast with all kinds of goodies including hard boiled eggs,sweets, cereal, yogurt &amp; of course coffee &amp; tea. Turndown evening service was another nice touch especially for those who like to take a snooze mid afternoon &amp;/or take another shower and the place needs another spruce-up.There really wasn't anything to find fault at. Even the staff was very pleasant which sometimes can be an issue w/ English speakers in this predominantly French part of Canada.As a footnote Nelligan has two sister hotels in the area. Its sister property (Auberge du View Port) stayed there a few years back overlooks the waterfront. Also very nice more cozy than modern.The other sister hotel &quot;Place D'Armes&quot; located a little further out across the plaza from the very impressive Notre Dame Basilica. W'll try that next time. Its a historically old building and the closest to the Metro of the three.$17CAN gets you an unlimited 3 day tourist transportation pass. $35 gets you a taxi ride to or from the airport. Due to the appreciation of the Canadian $ (1-1 as of this writing) a 3 course dinner at a nice restaurant will set you back about $100 ( not counting a bottle of wine).	
Jun 9 2008 	A dream!	My husband and I chose this hotel for a romantic night away. The location is perfect being in Old Montreal but the hotel itself has such charm! The room was beautiful and big. It looked like the pictures on the website and more (often the sites look nothing like the rooms). The staff was helpful, the bed comfy and the Jacuzzi bath a blast. We did not eat at the main restaurant &quot;verses&quot; but at the more casual one Méchant Boeuf. It was delicious (although really big portions). The complimentary breakfast was nice and light. Nothing to complain about! I would recommend without hesitation.	
May 27 2008 	Loved the Nelligan	We just spent 3 nights at the Hotel Nelligan following a 13 day cruise. Everyone at the Nelligan was so very friendly and helpful - from giving us directions to restaurants and museums, to arranging for some luggage to be shipped home. We felt so pampered by the staff at the Nelligan, it felt like we were still on the cruise ship!We had the King loft which was very comfortable! The bathroom was large and contained a large shower and separate jaccuzi. The room even came with bathrobes and slippers for each of us, and an umbrella. The refrigerator was well stocked. Each evening they provided us with a bottle of water and two mints as part of the turn-down service. The Nelligan served a delightful continental breakfast (consisting of fresh fruits and juices among other things) as part of the room cost. They even had wine and cheese every evening.The Hotel Nelligan was as nice and as friendly a place as we could have hoped for - and we hope to return someday. Thanks to their staff for making our stay so enjoyable!	
May 3 2008 	Very Nice Boutique Experience	This is a great hotel for a romatic getaway. Located in Old Montreal, the hotel is wonderfully situated. The rooms and accommodations are unsurpassable. We even purchased a couple's package which came with champagne and a massage, which was pretty good. We also received a 5-course meal, but I am not a fan of french food, so I didn't love it. The staff were really friendly and helfpul in planning our sightseeing trips.	
Apr 28 2008	Phenominal	The Hotel Nelligan was fantastic in every way. Beautiful rooms, great service, and perfect location in Old City Montreal are just a few of the characteristics that make this place a must stay.	
Apr 24 2008 	Another happy Hotel Nelligan customer!	Wow! We loved Hotel Nelligan. We stayed for three nights last week and had a wonderful time.The welcome for our late night arrival was warm and very efficient. I've never had a faster check-in.Our room was beautiful with the exposed brick and warm decor. Soft music was playing, and chocolates and water were left for turndown service. We requested a room with two double beds (there were 3 of us), and I was very pleasantly surprised by the spaciousness of the room. I had imagined it would be cramped, but quite the contrary. The bathroom as well was very roomy.The mini-bar was very well stocked, with good quality beverages, reasonable prices, and as a prior reviewer noted, large bottles. There were lots of pillows for the beds, a beautiful full size desk, a mini-stereo, bathrobes, slippers, nice toiletries, a full size good quality blow-dryer, an ironing board, safe, and even an umbrella! I loved the bed and the warm fluffy duvet.As another reviewer mentioned, I was surprised how quiet the room was. It was often quite lively out on the street or in the hotel in the evening...our room overlooked the street and was on top of the hotel bar. But inside our room, it was completely quiet. Amazing.In the morning, I was happy to see the National Post - Canada's true national paper :) outside our door. There were some lesser papers downstairs!Breakfast was lovely. Fabulous coffee, muesli, all-bran, some other cereal, orange &amp; grapefruit juice, plain yogourt, cottage cheese, gigantic bowl of fresh fruit, hard boiled eggs, mini muffins, croissants, bagels, and bread...all served in the cozy, elegant, spacious,and peaceful surroundings of the atrium. Such a beautiful and relaxing space.The front desk people were unfailingly helpful, giving us maps, directions, suggestions. We were going to visit the InfoTouriste office but found we had no need to.The hotel is an easy one block away from the basilica and three blocks away from the nearest metro station. A block in the other direction takes you to the water and the promenade, and all around you are the streets, shops, and restaurants of Old Montreal.Checkout again was effortless..with a 12 noon checkout time that we appreciated. We did not need to leave for the airport until 3:30, so the staff reserved a cab for us in advance, and held on to our bags for us.I have only two quibbles with the hotel. One is that there was no dressing table in the room. My 18 year old daughter was with us, and we both needed to beautify ourselves at the same time. One of us would be in the bathroom - where there was no vanity, just the elegant wooden shelves, already filled with towels and toiletries, so it was hard to make room for beauty products - we had to juggle them in our hands. In the main room, there was a large full-size mirror, but no spot to set anything down, so we had to hold the products in our hands. Very awkward, and there is a perfect spot for a slim dressing table between the mirror and the closet.The other quibble was with late night snacking. We came back to the hotel very late one night. Room service was already closed (I believe it's 11:30 all nights except Sunday, which is 10:30). This was a Saturday night, probably between 1 and 2 am. We asked at the front desk for a pizza place (we always like to try a local pizza!) and were given a place to try. We had trouble getting through - a busy night? We didn't really have any other suggestions or ideas. The depanneur down the street was already closed, and there was no vending machine, so we resorted to eating the $8.00 almonds and tiny $3.00 chocolate bars in the mini-bar. So, a suggestion to the hotel would be to install a very discreet, very elegant vending machine in an out-of-the way, even secret corner. Even the well-heeled traveler can get a late night attack of the munchies! Until that happens, I would advise other travelers to pick up their snacks ahead of time. There is a little depanneur just down the block, and a few little sandwich/deli/coffee places close by as well.Anyway, those are just little inconveniences. Overall, we had a wonderful time in Montreal, and Hotel Nelligan had much to contribute to the pleasure of our trip. We will definitely return again.	
Mar 14 2008 	Loved the Nelligan	Hotel Neligan is a stylish hotel with a lovely restaurant that has a good local following (I am local, I have been been there to drink and dine in the past). Why did I go there if I am local? To have a mini-getaway with my husband while my son went on a sleepover. It is right around the corner from where I work in Old Montreal. I saw on their website that they had an Experience Montreal special for $308: dinner for two at Verses (restaurant); a wine and cheese from 4-7; one night stay; exceptional continental dinner in the room; two robes and slippers. I went for it! The alcohol is not included in the meal but it was still a bargain. I upgrade by paying $25 more to have a superior room with fireplace and two person jacuzzi - it was worth it. I wanted to bring that jacuzzi home. I will TRY to make this quick: our greeting and check in was very efficient. The room was stylishly decorated, sort of Zen minimalism with mahogany and lush puffy beddings against the features of old Montreal buildings with exposed brick. The bathroom was wonderful with the jacuzzi and large shower. The amenities in the washroom included the usual soaps, etc. - all higher quality - but there was also an 'intimacy kit' with condoms, lubricant etc. for $7.00 and Oxia oxygen canister (just what do people get up to in there!) for around $17. The mini bar was impressively stocked with larger than usual bottles, complete with wine glasses and corkscrew (often have to request this in other hotels). Our view was over the roof of a nearby building and beyond that you could see the water but we could not see much with the falling snow - and we didn't care! We were comfy. There was a machine by the bed that took an ipod, and a very nice stereo system playing music as we came in. They have CDs downstairs that you can use. You will be impressed with the beddings and know that they offer the bedding at reasonable prices (obviously not the ones on your bed!!!) Our meal at Verses was lovely - found the confit on the foie apetizer gras a bit too sweet, but the tuna steak was nicely done. For desert I had the sorbert, hubby had the creme brule which he thought was perfect. The breakfast the next morning was wonderful, much more than the average continental breakfast. Basket of rolls and variety of breads, cheeses, boiled eggs, yogurt, fruit, coffee, juice, I am probably forgetting something, but it was pretty impressive.I could go on an on but I do not think you can go wrong with this hotel. It has a very stylish interior, lovel lobby with an atrium, everything about it is well thought out. From a style point of view it is very design oriented. One thought crossed my mind - someone might be looking at the location of this hotel and the fact that it is not facing the water (I know that when I am booking hotels just being one street off where I want to be sometimes seems like a big deal). This is located on St. Paul, which does not face the water but is a pretty street nonetheless and de la Commune (the street facing the water) is the next street. Don't be put off by that, you will be right around the corner. And they have a beautiful roof terrace open in the summer that you will have a lovely view from - we go there in the summer for lunch sometimes. They make an amazing Lychee martini. I hope that you found this review useful.	
Feb 13 2008 	Great Service Spacious Room Luxurious Bath	We stayed at the Hotel Nelligan for 4 nights recently and had a very good experience. The service was excellent--everyone at the front desk was extremely helpful answering questions, giving directions, making restaurant recommendations and reservations. The hotel is pleasantly decorated, though not particularly stylish. Our room, which was in the newer part of the hotel, was large, as was the bathroom, with a large tub and separate large shower. Everything was very clean, and the housekeeping service during the day was good--the room always looked perfect when we returned from our explorations. Evening turndown service was spotty--a couple of nights we got it and a couple of nights we didn't, but it wasn't such a huge deal. The room was also exceptionally quiet--other than an occasional door closing, we didn't hear another guest at any point when we were in the room. A couple of nights we could hear faint music of a night club, but nothing nearly obtrusive enough to bother us.Though we would have preferred hot options at breakfast, the continental breakfast (included in the price of the room) was quite nice. Excellent fresh muffins, nice bread (and a toaster if you wanted it toasted), fruit, cereal, cheese, hard-boiled eggs. Really very good for a cold continental. Coffee and tea were also very nice. The wine and cheese reception each evening pleasant as well. Our one complaint was that the bed was extremely uncomfortable. The mattress was overly firm (and I even like a firm mattress), and every time either of us moved there was a very noticeable &quot;squeaking&quot; sound--not springs or hinges--we couldn't figure out what was actually causing the noise but it seemed to be some combination of the linens and the mattress cover. Whatever it was, it was so loud that it woke us up numerous times during the night, and we are pretty heavy sleepers. The duvet was also extremely heavy--even when we turned the heat down very low we were still too hot during the night. And the pillows are luxuriously plump but so firm that we woke up with sore necks. All in all, we didn't get a good night's sleep the whole time we were there. As for the neighborhood, it was very quiet at the time of year we visited (February), which is perhaps to be expected because it caters mostly to tourists, and not many people visit during the frigid months. However, there are plentiful excellent restaurants within close walking distance. Our favorite in the neighborhood was Chez l'Epicier. Another favorite a little farther afield was Pintxo (in the Plateau).	
Jan 27 2008	loved it very much	my wife and i when to the hotel nelligan in old montreal just let me tell you one thing the room was the best room id every stay in The people in the hotel from front desk to the people who cleaned the rooms where just wonderfull if you like food nice people and lots to see go there and just have a fun i cant wait to go back its all i think about love to see it in the summer so if your planing on going to old montreal pls stay at the nelligain on st paulGARRY M DWYERKINGSTON ONTARIO CANADA	
Jan 20 2008 	I'd love to go back to the Nelligan!	The Nelligan really is that good...believe the reviews.My best friend and I (female, early 30's) planned to spend 3 nights at the Nelligan, and ended up staying 4. Why, you might ask? Well, aside from the fact that the Montreal airport ended up being closed due to snow...we didn't want to leave! LOLWe arrived from the airport via taxi (approximately 20 minutes, no traffic) and were immediately thrilled with the hotel's location and lobby. The front desk staff was tremendous -- actually, *all* of the staff were helpful, friendly, and tremendous! The staff can provide wonderful directions and recommendations for shopping, dining, etc.The Nelligan is in a great location. It's walkable to the nearest subway station, a few blocks away from the Notre Dame Basilica (a must-see, by the way!), and walkable to restaurants and quaint shops. Within a few blocks walk to the right (out of the hotel, I'm not sure of the east/west/north/south direction), we found many shops and restaurants. Also, to the &quot;left out of the hotel&quot; there are several shops. It's in a safe neighborhood, and in my opinion, ideal for either a couple of friends or a romantic get-away. We checked into our room, and immediately followed a staff recommendation for lunch, right down the street. We went to a little bistro, with friendly, funny waiters. I can't remember the name, but there was a deli counter (to buy meats/cheese and wine) and a tiny bathroom in the corner. The room had 2 double beds, and was comfortably appointed. The bathroom was well-stocked with nice complimentary toiletries (and contraceptives, for purchase). Most importantly, it was clean. There are 2 restaurants within the hotel, and you can get to both without going outside (key in December, mid-snow storm) one steak and the other was seafood/Italian. Both had good food and friendly service. They're both on the &quot;splurge&quot; side, but I've seen higher prices at hotels for a meal of far less quality.The breakfast that's included with the room is a good quality: toast/bagels, coffee, fruit, hard boiled eggs, cereals, and pastries. It's servec in the bar area. There is a really cool seating option, these little enclosed private booths. Check out their website; we were able to book a package that included accomodations, a CD, dinner for 2 at the in-house steak restaurant, and a museum/subway pass for less than the cost of a room for 3 nights!Other random information:- Hotel &quot;decorates&quot; in several places with pyramids of green apples. It took me 3 days to realize that they weren't plastic. LOL- There was no clock in my hotel room. Use your cell phone.- There was a CD player in the room- I was able to fit my laptop into the in-room safe (always good to know when traveling).- We ordered pizza one night, before we left. We were exhausted, didn't feel like steak or seafood...and just wanted to eat pizza. So, we got a recommendation for a pizza place for &quot;where the college kids order pizza&quot;, ordered the pizza, and the bellman immediately brought plates with butter. We were outstanded with the service of the bellman, but never figured out what the butter was for?!?	
Jan 15 2008	Very Cozy Place	Awesome location in beautiful Old Montreal. Exposed brick walls throughout the hotel make for a really cozy feel. The high quality linens and towels certainly add to the coziness. As great as the hotel itself was, the staff was even better. Jeanne at the concierge desk was extraordinarily helpful in helping us with dinner reservation as well as hooking us up with a snowmobile tour in Mont Tremblant.I will be certain to stay here whenever I am back in Montreal.	
Jan 1 2008 	Fabulous!	Our stay at The Hotel Nelligan was exceptional in all ways. First, the property is beautiful. Set in the middle of old Montreal, The Nelligan has fabulous decor throughout. The lobby/bar/dining area is very well appointed, and the rooms are the same. We stayed in a standard room for three nights, and then upgraded to a suite for the last two nights of our trip. The pictures should speak for themselves as to the elegance of the rooms. On top of the property details, The Nelligan offers many other ameneties that really make it a premiere hotel. First, the breakfast served each morning is wonderful. Second, we LOVED spending time on the rooftop bar, enjoying the glass of wine and cheese provided each night. There was no better place to get a view of the Old Montreal streets than from the rooftop. Finally, I must rave about the service at The Nelligan. Everyone was extremely helpful, no matter what our need. The front desk had wonderful suggestions for dinner and made reservations for us. I can't imagine that there is a better place to stay in Montreal!	
Dec 26 2007 	Simply amazing	Stayed at the Hotel Nelligan for a business trip to Montreal and couldn't have been happier with this wonderful hotel. Upon arrival, I found out that the hotel had overbooked, and their solution was to upgrade me to their 2 bedroom penthouse suite which was superb. The style and decor of the hotel is simple, funky and chic, the showers are amazing, and all of the little touches the hotel provides made my stay unbeatable. Unfortunately, my penthouse stay was for one night only, so it was awfully difficult to pack my things and move into a standard room but once I was settled, i was (almost) just as pleased. The hotel is unbelievably quiet - I don't believe I heard another guest the entire 4 nights I was there. The rooms were immaculate and the housekeeping was stealthy - I never saw them and my room was magically perfect every day.One of the nice little touches provided by the hotel is the mini-bar, which included actual sized bottles of wine and liquor - at incredibly affordable prices. After my stay in the penthouse, my traveling partners and I consumed both bottles of wine and several of the non-alcoholic beverages and much to our amazement, the charge was around $70. I thought for sure we would pay $50 per bottle of wine - not so. We later joked that the Nelligan is the cheapest place in Montreal to drink.There is also something to be said with regard to the lovely Old World Montreal neighborhood that the hotel is situated in. This was my first visit to Montreal, so it was very nice to have a hotel in a neighborhood with as much personality as it does - cobblestone streets, funky little shops (a few tourist traps) and restaurants / coffee shops. The staff at the Nelligan was fantastic - very polite and helpful when I did need some assistance with the DSL line in my room - 10 minutes after I called to inquire about having it fixed, I was connected.I would absolutely recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Montreal, whether it be for business or vacation - I couldn't find a single fault and hope to someday return.	
Dec 25 2007 	Returned to the Nelligan	We returned to the Nelligan in August, around the Jazz Festival weekend. The hotel remains consistently excellent. The concierge, and desk staff, are delightful - always willing to provide assistance, and graciously accommodated our need for some last minute restaurant fixes. We will continue to return to the Nelligan when in Montreal - have even found their bedlight supplier for work we intend to do in our home in Boston.	
Dec 13 2007	Always amazing always consistent....LOVE IT!!!!	We've been to the Nelligan 3 times before and I must tell you, there isn't another place in Montreal that can offer the comfort and attention you get here! We have travelled extensively and LOVE the Nelligan! We introduced my brother and his wife to this hotel this time (they met us for a family bday) and although they have stayed in MANY MANY hotels worldwide, they acknowledged they wouldn't stay anywhere else in the future!!! Our friends from Northern Ireland swear by this beautiful boutique hotel too! The rate was very very reasonable but the extras made it incredible!! We'll be back....thanks for making hubby's bday trip so amazing....even in the winter and cold!!! Our walks through Old Montreal made the cold sooooo tolerable!!! The Christmas decorations made it a dreamlike wonderland!Thanks to the staff at the Nelligan!!! Your efforts are always recognized! See you next time! Joyeux Noel les amis!	
Dec 6 2007	Wonderful hotel	The reception staff were great - there were always several of them available, so you did not have to wait to be served. They could not have been more helpful with directions, taxis, etc. There is a PC for customer use behind reception where we were able to check in for our returning flights online. The hotel is in a great location in the old quarter - very easy walking to nearby restaurants, Notre Dame &amp; the other sites. Our room was gorgeous; huge &amp; with an incredibly comfortable bed. The bathroom had a large shower cubicle &amp; spa bath. The bar can be very busy early evening, due to people waiting for the restaurant &amp; the wine/cheese promotion. Would definitely recommend this hotel &amp; would stay here again.	
Dec 4 2007 	Best Getaway (romantic) Ever	Hotel Nelligan went beyond our expectations. From the second we walked in we were impressed with the great location, service, lobby, hallways, and our room was just amazing. We were suppose to leave on Sunday but stayed another night, we just did not want to leave. This was the first trip my boyfriend and i have taken together and we could have not asked for a more perfect experience. Montreal the city is also so great! We went to the botanical gardans, great food (especially Gibbys) and walks around the Platau (stay away from st catherine/cresent), laval street is nice but they were doing lots of road work, so not a good time to hang out there.	
Nov 24 2007 	Wow what a loveful experience!	We picked this hotel from Trip Advisor and just loved the location in the old part of Montreal. It was a beautiful time of year with warm days and brilliant fall colors. We had a wonderful room with brick walls, king size bed and view of the Notre Dame Basilica from our window. Everything was great and we loved the breakfast in our room every morning which was more than we could eat. The staff were great and spoke excellent English and French. Overall, it was a great experience which we would highly recommend.	
Nov 4 2007	very nice boutique hotel	The Nelligan is a very nice boutique hotel in old Montreal. The front desk staff is friendly and willing to give whatever help you need for directions, dinner reservations, etc. The superior double room that we had was of a good size and had all the amenities we would need. We had a street side room which could be a bit noisy in the early morning due to trash collection. The breakfast was simple but good and the free cocktail hour was a nice touch. I would stay at the Nelligan again.	
Oct 29 2007 	Elegant and Funky	My partner and I stayed at the Nelligan whilst on a conference. The hotel is located in the old part of montreal, near cathedrals, art galleries and the like. Great area for strolling around. The Nelligan is all about style. It has a hip funky vibe that would appeal to well to do twenty and thirty somethings as well as some of the older set. It has an understated but somewhat high end boutique atmosphere. In other words, I wouldn't stay there if I was looking for a bargain hotel just to sleep and shower. I also did not see any children during our stay and I wouldn't think it to be suitable for a family trip. It is, however, the perfect spot for a romantic decadent weekend away for a couple. Much of the appeal is the elegance of the surroundings. We had a standard room with a king sized bed. The room had beautiful quality linens and furniture , a wellstocked bar and fridge, a nice sound system (that will be playing relaxing music when you arrive) and a stylish bathroom (soaker tub, beautiful sink and lighting). All of the accessories were in stylish stainless steel.The hotel had impecable service from all staff. Quick helpful front desk, fast vallet and great bar staff in thier adjoining cocktail bar and rooftop bar. The bar area is perfect for a few decadent martini's before you hit the town or retire for the night (be warned - high prices but with luxery brand names and obvious detailled prep work involved. The cucumber martini was surprisingly delicious and refreshing as was the watermelon mojito.) The rooftop bar had an awesome view and great ambiance. The bars appear to be moderately popular on weekends which do add to the noise factor if your room is facing the interior courtyard in which the bar is located (we didn't find it to be excessive).Food - Breakfast is included in the stay and is quite pleasant for a complimentary continental setup. Fresh pastries and breads, cheeses, boiled eggs, fruit salad and much more and excellent coffee. There are stainless steel trays of green apples everwhere for the taking at the Nelligan which add to the funky vibe of the place. There is also a complimentary wine and cheese social each night also included with the stay, which includes some excellent french cheeses and a decent glass of wine. We found staff happy to replace the cheese tray with fresh if you noticed it getting empty. We didn't try the restaurent service.Overall if you are interested in a hip yet classy place to explore Montreal from and cost is not an issue, you will love the Nelligan.	
Oct 24 2007	Love the Nelligan	We stayed at the Nelligan twice, once in July 2005 and once in July 2006. This is a beautiful boutique hotel in &quot;Old Montreal&quot;, the only neighborhood to stay in. The staff is great. The rooms are large and clean, very deluxe. Also, the free wine and cheese at happy hour is fun...great way to meet other people.	
Oct 20 2007 	Always welcoming.	This was our second stay at the Nelligan and we enjoyed it as much as the first. We were a little concerned this time since the hotel recently expanded into adjoining buildings. The lobby area was definitely busier, but the overall impact on the hotel is not that bad - although we wished they had left a good situation alone. Our “loft type suite” room was very spacious with a fireplace, and a beautiful bathroom with double Jacuzzi. The room had exposed stone and brick walls, earth tone colors, and the overall look was warm and inviting. I was told by reception that the rooms in the new expansion area are in general smaller and have a darker look and feel. We overheard a business group talking in the bar area after their arrival at the hotel, and everyone in the group was commenting on how nice their room was regardless of location.The experience at the Nelligan is enhanced by a complimentary light breakfast buffet in the morning, and an evening glass of wine with cheese selections. Nothing too fancy, just a basic and a nice touch. There is also a rooftop bar, nice but small gym room, and an internet corner next to the front deck. The location is great, right in the middle of Old Montreal. We prefer this hotel to its sister property, the Place d’Armes, mostly because the vast majority of the rooms in that hotel have a much darker look than the rooms in the original section of the Nelligan.	
Oct 12 2007 	nice boutique hotel	We stayed here recently as an add-on to a wedding we attended in Kingston. This hotel is in an outstanding location, probably its best asset, on easily the prettiest street in Montreal, right in the heart of Old Montreal. This is a classic four-star boutique hotel, with all the advantages that come with a boutique hotel. More personal feel, although admittedly I've seen friendlier staff in numerous other hotels. This is not to be mistaken as an indication that the staff is snooty, though, they were not. Perfectly helpful when asked, simply not effusively anticipating one's every need, as seen in the top-notch hotels. Although some might consider that to be stifling, anyways.The interior design of the common areas and the rooms is lovely. Beautiful use of the original exposed brick walls in the room interiors. A mix of original with modern design. I'm not a fan of minimalist design just for the purpose of being minimalist, as is seen in many boutique hotels. This place is homey as a boutique hotel. Breakfast was dissapointing, the only drawback. This hotel was a great value also, highly recommended.	
Oct 11 2007 	Very pleased with our stay !	We visited Montreal for a four day 20th Anniversary Weekend over Thanksgiving, and found the Nelligan perfect.... Our King Loft room was spacious, and nicely appointed, with a very comfortable King bed, a (false but attractive) fireplace and loads of exposed brick and stone. I had arranged for flowers when we reserved, and forwarded an Anniversary card to the concierge which was in the room by the flowers as we entered, with beautiful lighting and classical music playing. When I woke through the night (something I do regularly, not as a result of any noise) I could hear people in the street, but it was not to the point that it would wake us. The location, right in Old Montreal, was perfect for walking tours, and we never needed any other transport. The area is filled with good restaurants and galleries, and the concierge was very knowledgable about the area and restaurants/shops.We ate in the hotel restaurant, (a reservation made via the concierge in advance) and found the food and service excellent, and romantic. The included continental breakfasts were more than sufficient for us, and we enjoyed the evening wine and cheese as well. All the hotel and restaurant staff were helpful, and courtious.On the negative side? Yes, the toilet in our restroom was a snug fit beside the double jacuzzi, and the room service food wasn't as hot as it should have been, although it was delicious. I'd have to stretch to find any other 'complaints'.Overall, we found the hotel to be an excellent value, and we are looking forward to a return visit!	
Oct 7 2007	nice hotel but noisy	nice rooms, great staff, good bar, good downtown location in Old Montreal but very noisy late at night from partiers - if you need a quiet night's sleep not the place for you - but if you are going to be partying late or are a sound sleeper nice rooms. stayed in Hotel Le St Martin first night in Laval - nicer room and much cheaper if you don't need to be downtown.	
Sep 29 2007 	Top Notch in All Areas	We just returned last night from our trip to Montreal. Hotel is unassuming from the outside. Very lovely once inside the doors. The young staff is very attentive, from the doormen to the maid service. James, the doorman, was always helpful, calling cabs, etc. Jeanne, at the front desk, was so informative. When my husband asked for directions on how to return to the hotel from the airport (cause he was picking up a car) Jeanne arranged for a car locally.When we asked about a particular Bistro for lunch, Jeanne made sure the other young woman actually called the Bistro for reservations-a good thing, they were closed! Dina was helpful when my husband needed to rent a bike.Wine and cheese in the lounge is a nice touch. We found the breakfasts fine-hard boiled eggs, bagels and other breads, muffins, fruit, yogurt and cereals.One of the best beds (and pillows) we have ever had, and we have stayed at the Four Seasons. Very comfortable. Room had an outside window, very quiet. Room and bathroom were spacious.Maid service was excellent-always tidying up and freshening the bed.Location was superb-we walked to most everything-great restaurants literally out the door, as was the architectual museum.We would return in a heartbeat. Outstanding.	
Sep 26 2007	Great Package!	Booked a two night package at the hotel for our first stay in Montreal and were very pleasantly surprised.We were upgraded to a junior suite on arrival, staff were very polite and helpful and package was fantastic value for money. During our stay we had the best massage ever at the Rain Spa and a fantastic meal in the hotel restaurant.The complimentary breakfast was simple but there was plenty available to set you up for a day of exploring the old town.Perfect location and would certainly recommend Hotel Nelligan if you are visiting Montreal on business or pleasure.	
Sep 19 2007 	The Nelligan is a treat!	The Nelligan is a wonderful modern boutique hotel in a charming old building in Old Montreal. There are many attractions and restaurants within easy walking distance.We booked a loft king room for three nights. Everything was clean and luxurious. The room was huge, bed is extremely comforatable with lots of lighting options for those who read and those who don't, and there was a sizeable desk with a very good internet connection. It also had a great big lit closet with a safe. The bathroom was also big, with a double jaccuzi and glass shower. There was a single sink but a tall wood etagere next to it gave adequate shelf room for two. The continental breakfast was excellent in choice and quality, the wine reception a nice little perk. We were late one night to the wine reception (it ends at 7pm and we got there at 7:30) but we were graciously given our wine anyway.The concierge, Jeanne, was an instant friend and enhanced our stay with help almost daily. She drew directions on maps, recommended great restaurants, and generally made us feel welcomed at all times. The front door staff who retrieved our car multiple times were always good natured and prompt.The hotel seems under constant maintenance: there were often workers painting and fixing, but we were not inconvenienced. Everything in the rooms and the halls were kept clean and in perfect working order.A minor criticism: even though there are plenty of lights in the room and bathrooms, it sometimes felt dark. The high ceilings and brick walls probably contribute to that. The bathroom had a lighted makeup mirror that helped.And one warning: if you are not used to city sounds, you may have a tough time here. The rooms with outside windows, like ours, are going to have early morning trash collections and street cleaning or late night people sounds.We loved this place and will return!	
Sep 19 2007	Great location	We stayed for 3 nights in July 2007. Hotel is in a great location in Old Montreal. Welcome and valet parking very efficient. However the room allocated was very dark, overlooking the internal atrium and we needed the lights on all the time. Good bathroom and comfortable beds. Each evening there is free wine and cheese for all guests and this is a nice thought. Did not eat in the restaurant in the evening - there are many super restaurants in the area. Especially good is Chez L'Epicier just a few yards away where he had arguably the best meal in our three stay in Canada.Breakfast in hotel only average and not to be shouted about. Old Monttreal can be noisy with crowds at night but hotel was quiet.	
Sep 13 2007 	Great rooms and location indifferent service	The Nelligan is in a great location to explore Old Montreal and was in a charming old building. The interior design utilizing the old brick was quite striking to us. Our Superior King room was huge, well appointed, and the bathroom was more than adequate. Our only wish was that the room had an extra sitting chair, there was certainly space for one. The giant king bed was delightful to sleep in. The turndown service was as nice as any we've experienced anywhere - soft music and lights and delicious chocolatesIf only the rest of the service matched the evening turndown. More often the staff, while all friendly, just didn't seem to be very attentive. We were essentially on our own for breakfast - on the first morning no one greeted us (although there was staff around) and we had no idea where to sit, or what was included in the rate, or whether it was self service or not, though we finally figured it out. My wife was nearly run over by a housekeeper who literally was running a laundry cart through the hallway. The waitress at the rooftop bar (which was swarming with bees) forgot to place our food order. They forgot to bring our car up despite requesting a specific time in person with the front desk. Another time when returning near midnight on a Saturday of Labor Day weekend, there was no one to be found for 20 minutes to park our car.We expected better service for the well over $200 rate. Fortunately the comfort of the room and the location of the hotel mostly offset the occasional aggravation the staff gave us.	
Sep 13 2007 	Yes!	I booked Hotel Nelligan for my wife and me on the basis of TripAdvisor reviews. It was a quick trip to Montreal and only for one night, Sept 4th. Booked a King Superior. Arrived a bit early, about 1:30, but was given a room immediately (325). Overall, the room was very clean - bathroom spotless, everything neat and tidy, except for a night table which appeared not to have been dusted for some time. The room was very quiet. Bed very comfortable. Service through out hotel was great. The breakfast was more than adequate: fresh fruit, juice, cereals, pastries, breads and decent coffee. We attended what we believed was the complimentary “wine and cheese” gathering but learned that it was part of the ongoing art show in the same lobby area – nice hors d’oeurves and wine. A great location for a visit to the old town. Enjoyed dinner and the jazz duo at Modave, just up the street. Definitely recommended.	
Sep 1 2007 	Loved it! Romantic Getaway	My boyfriend and I went there for a weekend getaway from NYC and we would definately stay there again. Our room was beautifully decoratedand very clean. The bathroom was huge with a marble shower that was sooo nice. For the female readers- they actually had a full size blowdryer! The room was nicely decorated with modern and comfortable furniture. The exposed brick wall definately gave the room warmth and character.The service was terrific. The rooftop terrace was really nice to justrelax and grab drink. I highly recommend this hotel!	
Aug 31 2007 	Great stay	I spent 3 nights here with my wife and 2 adult daughters. Very friendly staff. Perfect location. Very comfortable room and bed. I'd recommend this property without qualifications.	
Aug 27 2007 	Loved hotel Nelligan!!	We spent four nights at this fabulous hotel in early August - it was truly amazing. There were 6 couples travelling, ages 21 to 49 and it suited every single one of us. We loved the location, the ambiance, the rooms, beds, room service, continental breakfast, dining room experience and service.My son has travelled Europe and could not believe that we had a city with the same feel right here in Canada! (We live in Kelowna, BC)It is just a really cool place, within blocks of amazing history and scenery, rooms are spacious and clean, wonderful!Montreal in general needs to fix their taxi situation...I've never been to a hotel in a city that size where it takes so long to get cabs before...they are usually so readily available everywhere, in Canada and the States and Mexico too....found that unusual. Also - Kelowna is known for its hospitality and we found servers in Montreal certainly adequate but not friendly, welcoming and fun like here....and certainly not because of a language barrier, most of us were bilingual.....just a small observation though, Montreal is a fantastic city and I can't wait to return.....Kelowna to Montreal was only 222 each way!!! Amazing, thx Air Canada for once your rates rocked!!	
Aug 26 2007 	very disappointing	Our stay at the Nelligan was very disappointing. First of all, the lobby and lounge area are very tired. It looks like a very standard hotel, not a boutique hotel. The room was tiny and very badly decorated - there was no charm as we usually find in other great boutique hotels in montreal (such as Hotel Godin). THE bed was VERY uncomfortable. The wine and cheese was alright, but the selection of cheese was disappointing for a hotel that claims to be upsacale - cheddar, oka and st-paulin were the available cheeses. We ate at the more relaxed restaurant, Mechant Boeuf and although the food and service was good, the atmosphere was lacking. We would have liked to order room service but the room was clearly too small to accomodate a table and we did not want to eat on the rather small 'king' size bed. Breakfast included excellent coffee but the pastries were clearly not local and tasted stale - other boutique hotels we have stayed in offer breads and pastries from local artisans. We would not recommend this hotel to anyone for any occassion and we will certainly not be staying there again.	
Aug 22 2007 	Regular Business Guest- Only Place I stay	I regularly travel to Montreal and Love the Nelligan. From the first time I stayed there the Staff has always treated me extremely well.The Nelligan has the feel of a boutique Hotel and walking into the room is always very calming. It's got a great location in Old Montreal, with all the restaurants etc, but I can also walk to the business area in 20 minutes or a 5 minute cab ride.I have always stayed in the orginal vs the new wing and I don't think you need to be concerned where they place you- the room will be fabulous. Over the years I have occaisionally had to stay in other hotels in the area and nothing gives me the comfort and feel that the Nelligan provides. I highly recommend it!	
Aug 14 2007 	A Shining Example	We visited the Nelligan in early August and as soon as we walked in, it felt as though this we would be a most agreeable hotel in the heart of old Montreal.Initially guests are welcomed by the guys at the front door then you are greeted once again at the checkin desk for your room allocation, all of which takes a matter of minutes .The rooms are superb with very large comfy beds, spacious bathroom, multi channel tv, cd player and writing desk.The lighting is very tasteful and adds to the real home from home feel.Continental breakfast consists of cereals, fruit ,pastries, tea and coffee etc.From 5 to 7pm in the hotel is cocktail time where guests receive a free glass of wine with a complimentary cheese selection.Should you wish to dine at the hotel, there is the Verses restaurant which is a bit pricey but good.There is also the roof terrace cafe which serves more snacky food but is an ideal spot on a summer,s evening.The staff are most helpful and are very knowledgable when it comes to restaurant recommendations, tours etc.After a few visits to the front desk they soon know your name.All in all, this is great example of a fine boutique hotel from which other establishments could certainly learn a few tricks.Should we return to Montreal this would be our first choice.	
Aug 6 2007	mixed	The Nelligan is really 2 hotels. You'll notice this as soon as you walk in as the reception area is very tired. Luckily we scored one of the rooms in the new wing and it was great. The rooftop terrace was great for a drink but downstiars in the bar the service was painfully slow, I only ever saw 1 bartender the whole tie I was there. Very central location but make sure you ask for a new room!	
Aug 5 2007 	Lived up to expectations	The Hotel Nelligan situated in Vieux Montreal was a perfect place to stay and was slightly away from the noisier centre. The size and comfort more than made up for the lack of view. The bathroom was enormous with a separate bath and shower cublcle. The continental breakfast supplied a good choice of cereals juices and breads with the option to purchase a cooked breakfast if required. The rooftop terrace bar was a perfect way to relax after a long day.The efficient metro was a 10 min walk away. Verses the restaurant was a little pricey but for excellent value for money Cafe Stash(Polish) was situated just down the road. Alfresco dining on a warm night can also be found in Bistro Boris on Square-Victoria. An excellent start to our holiday	
Aug 3 2007 	Disappointing	The bathroom of the first room we were assigned had a broken shower faucet and my husband was almost burned. The staff were very helpful and gave us a new room--this one was very comfortable but there was no information about how to work the TV or the prices of the bar supplies or anything at all about the hotel or about Montreal. The wine and cheese in the early evening was nice but the selection of cheese was extremely mundane for a place that wants to be sophisticated. In sum, wonderful staff, comfortable room (when things work) but disappointing in terms of being a world class boutique hotel.	
Jul 31 2007 	The Nelligan couldn't have been better	The friends we stayed with at The Nelligan had previously stayed at a high-rise hotel in the newer part of town. Fortunately, they chose your hotel to celebrate their anniversary. The ongoing revitalization of &quot;Old Montreal&quot; is the best decision your beautiful city could have made! And, based at The Nelligan we felt in the heart of it. Walked to everything. Our same foursome enjoyed a week in Paris a couple of years back and our (much too brief) time in the &quot;old town&quot; section of Montreal was highly reminiscent of good times in France...and, happy to say, with better accommodations than France had to offer. As for dining, we enjoyed meals elsewhere in your city, both expensively and somewhat excessively our first two nights. To our delight, our third night at your own restaurant was right in there with the best of them. Thank You Nelligan and team!	
Jul 31 2007 	Lovely Hotel Great Location	My husband and I stayed here in July, in an atrium room, which was spacious and quiet with a very comfortable king-size bed. The service was excellent, and the staff was very friendly and helpful. The bathroom had a large soaking tub and plenty of room. The continental breakfast provided a nice selection, and the wine and cheese in the evenings was a very nice touch. We were located in the heart of Old Montreal, just steps away from shops and great restaurants. We would definitely return to Montreal and stay at the Nelligan.	
Jul 30 2007 	Wonderful boutique hotel in the heart of Old Montreal	We stayed for four wonderful nights at the Hotel Nelligan. The staff were all extremely professional, courteous, and helpful throughout our stay.The hotel is right in the heart of Old Montreal near numerous shops, galleries, and restaurants, and just 1-1/2 blocks from the water. There is also a subway stop just three blocks away, making it convenient to get to and from other areas of Montreal when needed.Our room, like most of the rooms, had wonderful old exposed brick on one wall. We were in a new section of the hotel that just opened last month and the room was very large and beautifully furnished, with flat screen TV, minibar, CD-radio player, and plenty of lighting. However, rooms in the other older section looked every bit as nice and well kept. Our bathroom was also quite large with a separate shower and a large Jacuzzi tub that could easily and comfortably accommodate two people.We did not get a chance to try the restaurant in the hotel - Verses, which we heard was very good, but we did avail ourselves of the complimentary wine and cheese each evening and the complimentary continental breakfast each morning. The evening wine was served either in a comfortable lounge off the main lobby or on the rooftop terrace. Breakfast was served off the lobby and included hard-boiled eggs, cereals and granola, yogurt, fresh fruits, fresh juices, coffee, tea, various danish, muffins, and croissants, as well as toast, bagels, jams and jellies. Everything was fresh each day and served with a smile.About the only negatives, and they were very minor, were that the public areas were not always as well air conditioned as the rooms were (it was rather hot in Montreal when we were there) and there didn't seem to be any self serve ice machines (we had to go downstairs and ask for some), but those were minor quibbles. We would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 29 2007 	Nice boutique hotel	This hotel is really nice, it is a boutique hotel ( like the Dominion 1912 at Quebec ), with an excelent location and with a very polite and dedicated staff. Dont expect a big, american style hotel. It is small, but very nice, confortable and elegant.It is at the old Montreal, so you are at walking distance of many nice buildings and excelent restaurants ( you should try the Creperie Chezz Suzett, it is in the same street of the hotel, 2-3 blocks from it , try the fondues... they are excelent!). The hotel is just behind NotreDame Cathedral, so the location is great.The rooms are nice, confortable. Confortable bed, functional and elegant bathroom. The space is also ok, you feel very confortable at the room.They give you a free continental breakfast, it is really good!! You also have a free cheese and wine tasting ( everyday from 5 to 7 PM ), and it is good.The staff is very polite, at the check out we have some charges from the minibar that we didnt consume and an extra day from valet-parking and I noticed that after we did the check-out. I went back and inmediatly they apoligize for that and gave me a refund at my credit card for those charges.You should try this hotel, nice, good location. Montreal is a big city, i suggest that you buy a 3 days Transportation ticket for rides in the subway and by bus. There are nice things near the hotel, but you should know the Botanical Gardens and the Olympic Stadium, the Saint Joseph Oratorium, Mount Royal Park at sunday´s early afternoon .)	
Jul 23 2007 	Loved the Nelligan	We stayed here at the start of July for 3 nights and loved it.We had a fantastic room (modern, clean, spacious) with a great bathroom. We sat in the bar the first night and then ate in the restaurant where the food was really good with great service.We also liked the complementary breakfast and the way it's served in the bar area. Found the staff to be really helpful and friendly.We also liked the &quot;cheese and wine&quot; evening in the other bar and that convinced us to stay on and eat in that bar for one night when, again, we got great food and service.If you're looking to stay in Montreal - go with the Nelligan :-)	
Jul 23 2007 	Romantic and luxurious	One of the nicest hotels my husband and I have stayed in. We debated on staying at Auberge du Vieux Port instead, but are very happy we stayed at Nelligan instead for several reasons. Though du Vieux Port and Nelligan are only a couple of blocks down from each other, these blocks make a huge difference. Nelligan's location is much quieter and less crowded. The night life outside of du Vieux Port often lasted until late, and the view from the St. Paul side of du Vieux Port is not so nice. Nelligan was slightly more expensive, but well worth it. The staff was very nice and helpful, the bed was the ultimate in comfort, and the bathroom was gorgeous and spacious. The only negative I had was we turned the air conditioning down very low every night, but I still became hot under the down comforter. The air never seemed to as get as cold as I like it at night. Still, we hated to leave, and would gladly book Nelligan again.	
Jul 23 2007 	Comfortable Welcoming Laid-back	Relax. You are certain to have a nice stay at Hotel Nelligan. From the moment you arrive (check in is friendly and multi-lingual), through the free wine and cheese (stay for another drink or two at the lively bar) and pleasant rooms (stylish, yet practical), your visit to Montreal will be enhanced by this hotel.The hotel is not in the most convenient location if arriving via air. One option is a taxi. We chose the aerobus. Not a bad way to travel--certainly less expensive--but it drops you far from the hotel. If the weather is nice and you do not have bags (as was our case), the walk to the hotel is pleasant. The neighborhood is &quot;trendy&quot; and &quot;quaint&quot; and all the other euphemisms for &quot;expensive&quot;.The lobby is small but welcoming and the staff is friendly and helpful. Our room had a window looking out to the indoor atrium. The view was not bad, but the noise from the bar below may bother the early-to-bed set and light sleepers. There is no smoking in the hotel--a big plus.Our room was nicely furnished, if not a touch dark (some call this &quot;romantic&quot;). The bathroom was plenty big and had a large soaking tub, if that's your thing.Each day we returned to our room to light music from the stereo, replenished supply of bottled water and chocolates. Hungry? There are apples everywhere. Grab one (or two). If they were poisoned, we did not feel the ill effects.We did not dine at the hotel restaurant--looked nice, if not a bit pricey--but there was no shortage of places to eat nearby. A good deal of shopping and and siteseeing in the area too.What more can I say? We did not spend a great deal of time in the room as Montreal is a fabulous city that offers much to do day and night. I nicked the hotel one star simply because it is a little far from the nearest Metro station (thankfully, we did not visit in winter), and I thought it was a touch expensive--but this is true of much of Montreal (and not entirely Nelligan's fault as taxes are steep and the US Dollar is not as strong against CA Dollar as it used to be). We paid $190/night all in.Location: 45°30'14.84&quot;N, 73°33'16.02&quot;W	
Jul 21 2007 	Fantastic stay at the Nelligan	The staff were extremely helpful, friendly and professional. The room was spacious, comfortable and beautifully decorated. The location is perfect with lots of cool restaurants within walking distance. It was close to the Metro and sea front. Definitely recommend this hotel.	
Jul 19 2007	A Wonderful Hotel!	We booked a Discover Montreal package with Hotel Nelligan. We arrived too early - no problem! Car and our bags were whisked away, our passes were ready. Our room was small because of the package deal. The bed is super comfortable, we had a plasma TV and stereo, a lounge chair all is a spotless room. Love the furnishings. The lounge area, wine and cheese with excellent wine and Verses Restaurant were all top notch. There is a fun martini bar on the rooftop.But best of all were the staff - bellhops, desk personnel, waiters. The nicest and most helpful people!	
Jul 18 2007 	Very good hotel in very lively area	Based on previous TA reviews, we knew that the Nelligan has a reputation as one of the best boutique hotels in Montreal; now, based on first-hand experience, I can agree with that. This is a very nice place to stay - very friendly staff and extremely comfortable accommodation (but beware the pillows - rock hard!). We had a large room which was very spacious with a king-size bed, large LCD tv, stereo, mini-bar, bathroom with a very large shower and huge jacuzzi. Verses restaurant is very pricey but top end food and there is a new bar / bistro just opened (the hotel has recently expanded) which was great on our first visit but not so good second time (on a Sunday night - may be a different chef). Continental breakfast is included which is fine (but falls way short of the continental breakfast in the Dominion in Quebec!) and wine and cheese is available free of charge to guests each evening in the bistro. The staff were always very helpful and, when we had to be moved to a different (but same quality) room because of a leak in the room above, a complimentary bottle of wine was sent to us. The hotel is in the middle of the Vieux Port area - a really lovely, lively area and a stone's throw from the Notre Dame Basilica and the waterfront. In a city with lots of very good hotels, the Nelligan does stand out.	
Jul 17 2007 	Great place for an anniversary	Just spent 3 nights at the Nelligan celebrating our 25th wedding anniversary and loved it. The service was helpful and friendly, the rooms were terrific (4th floor facing the Rue St. Paul), and the location was superb. I cannot cite any significant downsides to staying here. We have stayed in pricier hotels in Los Angeles, San Diego, New York, and Paris that cannot compare to our experience here. It rained the last night of our stay and we decided to stay inside by dining in the Verses Restaurant. Ordinarily we try to avoid hotel restaurants, but we had a wonderful meal at a table on the Rue St. Paul with great people watching. I highy recommend the Nelligan.	
Jul 16 2007 	horrible experience all together	I don't understand how this place got such a high rating. Our room was very small, full of bulky useless furniture. The bed was quiet uncomfortable with huge hard as a rock pillows and cheep sheets made of mixture with polyester. There was only a shower and no bathtub. There were only 2 elevators in the building, and the staff is using them too, so may wait for quiet some time...We were told on the arrival that we could get two drinks at the bar, so we did, however, the waitress got very upset and rude when she learned we expected the drinks to be free, apparently we were supposed to ask for the cheapest wine! Nobody mentioned it us at the front desk. That was a very annoying experience.We only stayed there one night, and were woken up around 9am on Saturday! by a cleaning woman who wanted to do her job. As we were checking out, their system was not working so they could not process the payment, and had to write down our credit card info.. On top of everything, the place has a feeling of a bus station with people constantly in and out, and way too many staff around, or don't they have anything to do instead of hanging everywhere?The last thing, the breakfast, continental buffet style, nothing really cooked to eat, very little choice if any, had to go out for a decent breakfast. I'd recommend Auberge Bonaparte instead of this pretentious place. It is in the same area and offers much better accommodation for less.	
Jul 16 2007 	Fantastic stay at the Nelligan	This is a wonderful, small modern hotel that far exceeded our expectations. Very nice rooms in every respect, including a gas fireplace and a terrific stero system. A nightly complimentary wine and cheese with Argentinian wines that are excellent. Also a quite good continental breakfast. Rates are reasonable and deliver solid value. Best of all, though, was the staff. In the past we have dismissed comments about hotel staff, both negative and positive, thinking they don't make that much of a difference. This visit at the Nelligan taught us how much they can add to the stay when they are first-rate. They were so friendly, attentive, and excellent at anticipating needs we have completely revised our views on the importance of a good hotel staff. They added so much to our visit!	
Jul 15 2007 	Boutique Chic!	Just back from an excellent stay at the Nelligan to celebrate our 15th wedding anniversary. Booked a corner deluxe suite for three nights. The room was fantastic - stylish, but comfortable; with many amenities including a jacuzzi, CD player, and a fireplace. The staff was young, friendly and professional. Although the room was pricey, the complimentary wine/cheese and continental breakfasts made it a better value than other high end hotels on our trip. The adjoining restaurant (Verses) and bar/lounge open to the street to take in the summer breezes and ambience. The location in Vieux-Montreal was excellent - we strolled cobblestone streets, explored several galleries, museums and churches - and even went for a run along the waterfront to offset the wonderful (and ample) Montreal cuisine. The only negative (minor) was the late night street noise from revelers on rue St. Paul - which was not unexpected! Overall - I would highly recommend a stay at this fashionable boutique hotel.	
Jul 14 2007 	Nice place to stay	First the good: Alex was an amazing host, as were many of the other hotel staff. Most of the staff was more than helpful with whatever we requested or needed. The hotel itself is beautiful and in a great location.Then the bad: As another trip advisor reviewer mentioned just be sure of where your room is located. We were booked into a king superior (atrium) upon our arrival the young lady that placed us in our room ignored my questions and basically acted as if she did not hear me or understand me when she decided to place us in another room. We asked if it was comparable to what we had booked, she just smiled and shrugged her shoulders. She then placed us in a room with a view of a neighboring gravel/tar rooftop adorned with heating and ventilating units. We immediately called the front desk asking to be placed in our originally reserved style of room but to our surprise we were upgraded to a junior suite, which was amazing.In the end we had a great time in Montreal and would stay at the Nelligan again. Also, check out some of the restaurants within walking distance. If you like Indian food, Restaurant Gandhi is a must..	
Jul 13 2007	Wonderful experience	We stayed at the Nelligan for three nights, we had a Deluxe Suite on the second floor with windows facing Rue St. Paul. The room was very well appointed and quiet. I did not have any problems with the cleanliness, bedroom and bathroom were spotless. The room came with a very nice breakfast buffet, with simple, but very good quality food. The hotel staff was extremely professional, helpful and friendly. My family and I have agreed that we would return to this hotel.I recommend dinner at Aix, a wonderful restaurant located in their sister hotel in Place d'Armes.	
Jul 13 2007	we are going back tomorrow	We are going back this year so you know we liked it. This is a very nice place to stay while in Montreal. The service was very good. The rooms were clean and the decor was very nice indeed. Here is what I loved the best about the place, the king size bed. This was just about the most comfortable bed that I ever slept on.The bar room and restaurant are elegant and the food isn't bad either. They give you a complimentary glass of wonderful wine and cheese every evening as well. The location is in the heart of old Montreal which to us is were we want to be when in that oldest of north American towns. The hotel is just down the block from Notre Dame cathedral and one block from the port of Montreal. You know what they say, location, location, location. It is definitely worth a stay. The price was as reasonable as you are going to get in a hotel of this class. It is Trendy to say the least. The capital &quot;T&quot; in Trendy is not a typo. The young, energetic attractive staff bends over backwards to please from the moment you pull up in front of the place until the time you pull away. Just super.	
Jul 9 2007 	watch room location	We stayed at the Nelligan for 5 nights June 27- July 2 2007 so here goes.Location; great central to downtown, cab ride away to amazing restaurants and great for wandering and being a tourist in the old part. Better restaurants away from this area. Try europea and Ferrira? for amazing food.Rooms: well decorated and clean. Intially we had a king superior, not very large so we asked for an upgrade. (It would have been fine but my husband had to work) It was available for some of our stay however the first room they moved us to was above the bar and I could hear everything. When we asked about this the man said it was a &quot;new&quot; problem. Don't put us there! Next room was great, street noise with the windows open but that was part of the charm. I felt like I was in Europe.Due to the room being booked out for Saturday night we had to move back to a king superior and it was underneath the roof top patio. You could hear chairs scraping and it was noisy. Not a great room location. Also I image rooms looking onto the atrium could be noisy. Be very specific about room choice at check in. third floor would be great 2nd floor you get the bar noise and 4th floor you get the patio noise. Also I would not want a room on the 5th floor anywhere near the patio as its very busy and people accessing past your room ect. Service: Other than the first attempt to put us in a noisy room, very good. The conceirge is excellent. Food: Average, the roof top deck is a must to hang out and have drinks!! I probably would not go to the versus as there are many great dining spots elswhere. Coctail reception fun. Great hotel for drinking in the lounges.If I went back I would stay there again, just be very insistant on the location of my room due to noise.	
Jul 5 2007	Great service but not super clean	I loved this hotel in Old Montreal. Great staff who are super friendly and well trained. Only problem is that if you're picky about super cleanliness like me, you're going to be disappointed. There was a lot of dust and grime on light switches. The desk was sticky and the carpet was stained. But I did love the bedding, the old brick and stone, and the location. I would stay here again, but I hope they clean up better next time.	
Jun 27 2007 	So wonderful!	I cannot say enough about this hotel! It is gorgeous, well situated in the Old City, and the service is really wonderful! The staff upgraded our room to a Deluxe Suite for no additional cost. The room was beautifully decorated (so much so that my husband took pictures such that we might try to replicate it in our bedroom!). The bathroom was huge and well-appointed. In addition, the hotel has valet parking (a plus in the Old City), continental breakfast each morning, and a wine and cheese every afternoon.If you are looking for romance, this is the hotel.If you want to feel chic, this is your hotel.I would go back in an instant!	
Jun 26 2007 	Great romantic hotel	Our first visit to Montreal was to celebrate our 32nd anniversary. I based the decision on where to stay from the reviews I read on tripadvisor. The Hotel Nelligan had mostly rave reviews and we definetly wanted to stay in the Old Port section of Montreal. We booked for 4 nights with the plan that if we hated it, we could always switch hotels and go to one of the &quot;chain&quot; types in the newer downtown area. WE loved the Nelligan and will be going back. Yes it was pricey (we booked a King Loft Suite) but, we have stayed at some Country Inns that wore far more expensive but, not as nice. First of all the area is perfect, if you want to be in the old area of Montreal. Right near the Basilica, and the Port. Tons of restaurants and quaint cobblestone streets. The Hotel is on St Paul St. which is one of the oldest streets in Old Montreal. Lots of character and great historical architecture. It would be helpful if you have done some research about old Montreal and/or bring a book with you...not many book stores in the Old Port area. The hotel staff was very friendly. I had requested a room that faced St. Paul St. and was very glad I had because they truly were the best rooms. The street facing rooms can be a bit noisy if you leave your windows open. The streets are busy up until 1am. Cars and voices tend to echo from the cobblestone streets up through the stone buildings. Just close your windows at night! The rest of the hotel is very very quiet, in fact, I never heard anything in the halls or in adjacent rooms. I felt as though we were the only ones in the hotel even though it was totally booked. The bathroom was great. Absolutely the BEST shower I have EVER had in a hotel! The 2 person jacuzzi was great...a bit tight for me and hubby...maybe 32 yrs ago we would have fit better! The location of the toilet (probably not an issue if you're 90lbs) and the plastic toilet seat are my ONLY complaint....I can not for the life of me figure out why this hotel has gotten much negative feedback regarding their damn plastic toilet seats, yet the toilet seats remain! Had I been close to a hardware store, I would have been tempted to buy and install a better seat and invite the managment up to my room to try it out! The bed and linens were WONDERFUL, no doubt all their money goes into this area and not the toilet seats which makes sense in the long run! The continental breakfast was an 8 out of 10...not the best I've ever had but surely better than any chain hotel. The fruit was fresh, the food was continuously replenished and food was available till 1030 during the week and 1130 on the weekends. They also provided trays so you could take coffee and or food back to your room. They could have improved it by just offering a few different items. After 4 days I was pretty bored with the selections. We ate at Verses the hotel restaurant one night and even though the service was excellent as was the food, I found it rather stuffy, and overrated. The food was beautifully presented but, I thought it was VERY overpriced for what you got. Just a steak was around $32., and that was without a salad, a starch or veggie! Take a walk about 1/4 a mile down St. Paul St. and try The Keg...great filet mignon..we ate there twice! My husband talked me into a few &quot;tourist trap&quot; type activities, and I'm so glad he did. If you want to do the horse/carriage ride then go down near the port and ask for JayPee a female driver who was the nicest and most down to earth person ever and gave us SO much indepth info...she was worth every cent! l. I would give Montreal an overall 9 of places to visit. I would give Hotel Nelligan a 9-10. I will definetly return to Montreal and will definetly stay at the Hotel Nelligan again.	
Jun 15 2007 	A wonderful stay	After reading the many excellent reviews of the Hotel Nelligan, we decided to stay there for 3 days earlier this week. We had a wonderful time in Montreal thanks in large part to the Nelligan. Our 4th floor room did not have much of a vew, but was very comfortable and quiet. The staff is just outstanding and seemed to sense the needs of the guests. We will definitely be back.	
Jun 7 2007 	Wonderful Hotel - Would Stay Here Again in a Heartbeat	Everything about this hotel is wonderful, I would highly recommend it:Prime location, right near Notre DameRooms are wonderful - modern, large, but also warm. Many nice little touches to make your stay comfortableService is top notch, everyone goes out of their way to help youBreakfast is wonderful - and the location of the lounge/restaurant is so relaxing and enjoyableFood at the restaurant is excellent	
Jun 1 2007 	Great boutique hotel!!!	Arrived at the Hotel Nelligan on May 31 very worried about the construction. Much to our relief, it was all but completed. The new addition is officially opening today, June 1st, so all we've seen are a few workers putting on finishing touches (like lightbulbs).The hotel is lovely, our room is great (we're on the 3rd floor), and the staff has been wonderful.Definitely recommend a stay here!	
May 31 2007 	Very Nice	My husband and I stayed here on Memorial Day weekend. Usually we stay near the Gay Village but opted for Old Montreal this time. We were not disappointed. The hotel is a lovely boutique hotel. The rooms are spaceous and the staff friendly. We got a drink at night and a continential breakfast in the morning.The beds were very comfortable and the bathroom's are huge. Our one complaint was that the toliet seat was cheap (especially when compared to the other services that the hotel offers) and bendable.We stayed on the 4th floor with a king size bed. The gym was located on the 5th floor, it had two treadmills, two bikes and one elip. The machine were kind of old, however, the weight machine in the center of the room was quite useful and very new. You could do any workout utilizing the attachments available.We would definitely stay here again since it was very close to lots of the waterfront activities. The elevators were sometimes slow and lots of people waiting but the stairs next to them were always available and easy to walk up or down.	
May 29 2007 	Absolutely adored it!	I just returned from staying at Hotel Nelligan this past weekend. I was on the 4th floor in a king loft room, it was gorgeous. Jacuzzi, VERY spacious shower, the most comfortable bed I've ever slept in, lindt chocolate (my favorite!) left on the pillow each night. Comfortable robes/linens, classical music wafting softly from the desk area upon our arrival. I had no problems with noise whatsoever, unless I left the windows open to hear outside. Noise from the restaurant/bar could not be heard, and I didn't notice any construction. (I was in room 403)The staff was extremely knowledgeable, helpful and friendly. Valet parking was prompt and convenient; on occasions we didn't want to drive, staff had a taxi there in moments. I was not very impressed with the service at the restaurant however, as our food took 1-1/2 hours to arrive and our waiter was not attentive. The food was beautifully presented and delicious though.The downstairs bar was elegant, with satisfactory service, and just off it every night there was a wine and cheese spread available to all guests, with ample seating area. The rooftop bar had a great view, but was overcrowded, and seemed to be filled with a younger, louder crowd. My boyfriend and I came here for a romantic getaway, and I can't wait to do it again. Best experience at a hotel ever. (minus the restaurant, heh)	
May 26 2007 	Under construction - noisy 	I'll write a longer review later - but I am currently at the Nelligan and can't let anyone else make this same mistake. We'll be checking out early tomorrow morning (not staying as long as we planned). The hotel is under construction and is very noisy. They are building out into the next building - so all floors are having major construction at the same time. This work is just beginning and won't be done anytime in the next few months. We have been woken up for 3 days straight by the sounds of table saws, nail guns and other power tools at 7:00 AM!!! We have tried moving rooms (the bar is also noisy until late in the night - we were next door to the rooftop bar) but this entire place is a construction zone. The staff is very nice (despite not mentioning the construction when I called to request a quiet room and was told that since the hotel is small they were all quiet) - but they can't make up for this disaster!!! Only stay here if they pay you to stay here - I wouldn't even stay here for free.	
May 21 2007 	Absolutely LOVED it	My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Nelligan for a 4 day getaway and truly loved it. From the very beginning, our experience was top notch. The staff is so friendly and willing to help with everything you need. Our favorite part was definitely the beds!! They are soo comfortable! The continental breakfast that they serve is pretty decent and they keep it open until 11:30am on the weekends which was so great because we could sleep late without feeling guilty! Everything in this hotel is nice, even down to the fancy Lindt chocolates they put on your pillows when they turn down the bed. If you are looking for a reasonably priced, small boutique hotel in the best location in Montreal, try the Nelligan. You won't be disappointed! PS.....definitely try the jazz restaurant, Modavi for dinner....it was great, and right across the street! Also try Bonaparte for dinner...also good!	
May 20 2007 	Major Disappointment	The hotel is very pretty and the staff are great. We asked for a loft suite and were upgraded to a larger suite. I thought a suite was two rooms but this &quot;suite&quot; is just one larger room. The room is on St.Paul St. and is very, very, very NOISY. Someone on the top floor compained to me about the same thing. Doesn't matter if the window is open or closed. The high speed internet doesn't work, one bathrobe had finger sized holes in it, and the heating doesn't work either. I can't understand how this hotel is rated 5 star. It's all show and no go. No way I'd ever return here.	
May 7 2007 	Yet another fan of the Nelligan!	I stay in Montreal often, and the Nelligan is one of my favorite hotels. This past weekend I stayed in a &quot;king loft&quot; room, which was spacious, clean and very, very comfortable. The bathroom was huge and the jacuzzi tub was a particularly nice touch. It's in a wonderful location in the heart of Old Montreal, on a street lined with art galleries, restaurants (try Olive and Gourmando!) and bars. I will absolutely stay there again.	
May 2 2007 	Nothing to complain about here	I stayed at the Nelligan for one night in March 2007, as I was attending a meeting in the hotel the following morning. Check-in was great. The staff was efficient and friendly.The room was very nice and clean, the bed comfortable and the bathroom spacious and well laid-out. The deep tub with reclined back was quite comfortable. I didn't order room service, but I did eat in the hotel's restaurant -- Verses? -- and it was outstanding. I had a warm goat cheese and vegetables appetizer that was really first-rate, and a filet mignon that was also very good.The building is pretty cool. It's converted from what was probably a warehouse originally. The old brick is exposed in places throughout the hotel, which is a nice touch.The location, in old Montreal, is great. It's close to the touristy things in the old port area and also the shopping and other attractions in the modern downtown core.I came into Montreal by train, and the central station is a very short cab ride away -- it would have been walkable had I not recently buggered up my knee. Driving in old Montreal is not all that fun, and I don't know what their parking arrangements are at the hotel. I suspect they valet park your car somewhere nearby, as I don't think they have their own lot.	
Apr 22 2007 	Very Comfortable Stay Excellent Service	The Hotel Nelligan is a real find. It is very cozy and the staff is very attentive, warm and welcoming. I was a bit apprehensive about staying at this hotel because it is a small boutique hotel in downtown Montreal. I generally stay at five-star chains that can guarantee excellent service and clean, comfortable rooms. The Hotel Nelligan cannot be overlooked! Not only is it clean, but the rooms are a good size and the ceilings, on the fourth floor at least, are very high giving the room a very open feel. I went to Montreal for the weekend with my mother, who similarly is very picky and we both adore this hotel! The afternoon wine and cheese reception adds an extra touch of elegance that you will not find elsewhere. Also, the hotel is situated on a quiet block which makes settling in for a relaxing weekend very easy. The continental breakfast is also very good, the coffee being some of the best I've had at a hotel. I recommend this hotel 200% and will be back for another stay. You can't go wrong with Nelligan!	
Apr 20 2007 	Great service nice hotel	After staying at the Place d&quot;Armes (owned by the same people that owns the Nelligan), I decided to make reservations at the Nelligan for my next stay in Montreal. As you can see from my review of the Place d'Armes, I really liked that hotel so my expectations were high for the Nelligan.Overall, I was not disappointed. The Nelligan is a quaint, beautifully restored building on the nicest street in Old Montreal. It has a better location for sightseeing than does the Place d&quot;Armes. The staff at the Nelligan were first rate, always helpful, even when I needed help making a reservation prior to my stay (by email with the concierge). I definitely have no complaints.We stayed in the &quot;king loft&quot; and the rooms at the Nelligan are slightly smaller than those at the Place d'Armes, but they do have fireplaces and very nice bathrooms.I think that the family that owns these hotels have a good thing going here. They know what they are doing. Both of the hotels are fantastic and the most seasoned traveller should have no great complaints about either of them. The Place d'Armes has bigger rooms and is a bigger hotel (and what seemed to be a somewhat younger crowd). The Nelligan is better situated on St. Paul Street and has first rate service. I loved both of them.	
Apr 11 2007 	Will return to Nelligan!	We had a wonderful stay at the Nelligan last week! The staff are all very helpful, especially Lisa! The restaurant is superb! The wine andcheese cocktails are fun. The breakfast is great! Great location...just steps from the Cathedral, Old Montreal restaurants. A very charming 'boutique' hotel, a real gem! Check out the special packages...we went to the Disney exhibit at the Musuem of Fine Art-fantastic!We will be back!	
Apr 3 2007	Friendly boutique hotel	A lovely hotel, situated in the old town, excellently located for the Vieux Port and old town with many restaurnts and bars in the area. Not overly impressed with Montreal as a tourtist city, although that may be because we were out of season and everywhere was a bit drab. Concierge service was very helpful and a nice touch having the manager's cheese and wine in the early evening when we were able to meet other guests and exchange experiences. A very friendly and welcoming atmosphere. Our bed was wonderful - Frette bedding and robes and lovely toiletries. Very good value on a weekend rate. Be warned, the garbage collectors pick up at 7am every morning from the side street and our room (214) overlooked the road. This included Sunday!	
Mar 27 2007 	Incredible Hotel	Everything is impressive at Nelligan. The atmosphere is classy without being stuffy. The staff are enthusiastic and friendly. I love the brick walls, the complimentary wine and cheese hour, and the restaurant is divine! I have stayed at 4 hotels in Montreal and Nelligan is my favorite thus far.	
Mar 26 2007	great value	stayed here in march 2007 for a weekend. terrific value for money. wonderful location for a tourist, right in the heart of old montreal. beautiful rooms, amazing decor. highly recommended. front line staff very polite, helpful and accommodating. only minor negative issue was absence of coffee/tea makers in the rooms.	
Feb 1 2007 	Hotel Nelligan is The Best	Just returned from a four night stay at the Hotel Nelligan in Montreal. The hotel is absolutely gorgeous. The staff is was very accomodating to all of our needs. The jacuzzi in our room was nice after a long day of walking and seeing all of the sites in the city. The hotel is conveniently located a few blocks from the Place D'Armes metro station. I would definately recommend this hotel to anyone looking to visit the wonderful city of Montreal.	
Feb 1 2007 	Dreamy bed nice location and lovely staff	Stayed at the Hotel Nelligan and was so impressed with the staff, the clean hotel, dreamy bed/pillows, and the location is unbeatable. In fact, we were so comfy here, we ended up buying two pillows to use at home. I highly recommend buying the pillows!The breakfast was so-so. The concierge were terrific at recommending restaurants (our favorite was: Rosalie in downtown) and things to do around Montreal. The staff gives alot of personal attention to the guests. It does sometimes get noisy in the bar. And you can hear a bit in the room (windows from the room look out onto the Atrium). But overall, the experience here is wonderful. We would definitely stay here again + recommend friends.	
Jan 29 2007	nelligan rocks!	my wife and i are extremely picky travelers and i say to you without reservation that if you want a boutique hotel in montreal, look no further. from the rooms to the staff, nelligan is a wonderful experience. don't forget to speak with Jean, the hotel's concierge as she knows everthing about the city and is the essence of professionalism.	
Jan 24 2007 	They just keep getting it right!	This was our 4th stay with the Nelligan, and we are just so impressed! We would never consider staying any where else. The Nelligan has become our home away from home, and we are even considering returning next month! Jeanne, the concierge, is so delightful, and Christian who brought our bags to our room has the greatest smile! Thank you so much for our lovely room (404 or 424?)! It was beautiful! UNDERSTATED ELEGANCE THROUGHOUT THE HOTEL! Thank you for making our stay so memorable!Sincerely,Fred and Christie Barta	
Jan 16 2007 	WOW WHAT A PLACE	I generally look at TripAdvisor for advice prior to making reservations. I was a little worried regarding the noise in the ATrium Rooms. We stayed on the third floor in the Atrium and we heard no noise at all. It was wonderful. Quiet, dark and just wonderful.For dinner the first night we asked the conserige for a suggestion on a restaurant while we were drinking our wine and nibbling on cheese by the fireplace. He made or reservation and gave a card in an envelop to present to the restaurant. We had a wonderful meal, and at the end of the meal the waitress brought us a dessert wine that she said of compliments of the Nelligan. We thought that was unbelievable. There are more than 100 restaurants within walking distance in this charming part of town. It was terribly cold the next day, so we stayed pretty close to the hotel, and just ventured out a little bit, however, we were so comfortable there, that we didn't want to leave. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who would like a romantic getaway, it was fabulous.	
Jan 7 2007 	Green apples wine 	LOVED this place - best location, a couple streets from the river, and adjacent all the cute shops &amp; super good restaurants. The staff were incredibly nice, bilingual, and I would stay there again without question. The bar hosted wine, cheese &amp; bread nightly, and there were green apples all over the place, and I must have eaten 10 in a week. In the evening they bring you chocolates and water, and I stole all the bath products because they smell like eucalyptus heaven. One thing to watch out for - we stayed in a suite on the second floor (204) and the water pipes sang like opera stars in the cold.	
Jan 1 2007 	Subdued Elegance	The Neillgan&quot;s location is perfect for those who wish to stay in Old Montreal. The quiet elegance of this hotel relaxes you the minute you walk throught the doors. Our room faced a beautiful open courtyard, which worried us initially, but was very quiet after dinner. There was no noise and we slept peacefully. The staff was helpful and polite. Breakfast ,which was included, included a lovely buffet. My husband and I especially enjoyed sitting by the fire looking through their interesting book collection or planning our day's events. I will stay at the Nelligan again and again.	
Dec 29 2006 	Fantastic hotel -but starting to show wear	Hotel Nelligan is absolutely one of the best hotels in Montreal -though the hotel rooms are starting to show their age and or overuse. The furniture, mirrors etc.,have nicks and scratches all over them. Our lamp shade looked as though it had been in a fight with something. The Nelligan is great don't get me wrong ..it just needs some TLC..	
Dec 14 2006 	Loved Nelligan!	We stayed in a king suite with a fireplace and jacuzzi. We loved everything about the hotel: its quaintness, the lobby fireplace, the wine and cheese hour, the breakfast, the staff, the service, and the room! My favorite part of the room was the double jacuzzi and the bath salts...it was soo relaxing. The only thing I thought was misleading was the &quot;fireplace&quot; portion of the description of the room since it was really a fake fire (a paper or piece of plastic lit up) with heat blowing out of a vent. Nonetheless, my boyfriend and I definitely want to return to Montreal and we will absolutely stay at Hotel Nelligan.	
Dec 13 2006 	Excellent Hotel	The hotel is is a great location in Old Montreal, the rooms are well designed and decorated. We had an enjoyable stay. I would recommend the breakfasts.The only comment I would make is that it can be a little noisy at the weekend as the rooms open up on the Atrium where the bar is, but this is not a major issue.	
Nov 19 2006 	Superb Hotel friendly staff	I just spent a weekend with my daughter at the Nelligan who had a business meeting in Montreal. We were there 3 nights and I can't say enough about the accommodations, exceptional staff and great restaurant. Jeanne, the concierge was on vacation but Matthew at the front desk couldn't have been more accommodating. He catered to our every need, no matter what it was. We loved the hotel restaurant so much that we ate there two out of the three nights of our stay. The spa at Place D'armes (their other property) was wonderful, especially the hot stone massage - the best we ever had.The rooms were immaculate and the continental breakfast and wine and cheese in the evening were a big plus. The only thing i would say is the next time we go, I would probably book the larger room. We had a standard room and it was a bit cramped but decorated beautifully with superior linens and comfortable beds. I read some of the other reviews and it seems like the superior rooms were quite a bit larger. I loved the city and took the three hour bus tour which was well worth it and the shopping is incredible.I will definitely be back to Montreal and stay at the Nelligan.Pat, Brighton, Michigan	
Nov 17 2006	Nelligan delivers	We deliberated long and hard over the choice of hotels in Montreal and are so so pleased that we chose the Nelligan!We booked a king loft suite which had a comfy bed, quality furnishings and a very generously sized jacuzzi. The shower was hugeBreakfast was included every morning and consisted of everything that you really needed, cereals, yoghurts, bread, cheese etc, and we particularly liked the early evening cheese and wine which was included We had drinks at the rooftop bar just as the sun was going down after a full day's sightseeing which was spectacularThe hotel is close to a large number of restaurants and bars Can't imagine going back to Montreal and staying anywhere else. We have travelled extensively in Canada and this is one of our most favourite quality hotels - highly recommended!	
Nov 13 2006 	Nice Romantic Getaway	My husband and I went for our anniversary weekend. The hotel was great: large rooms, accomodating and helpful staff, breakfast and cocktail hour too. We had the king suite with whirlpool tub, which sits two nicely, they even gave us bath salts, which was great because I never got around to picking them up. It is in a nice area in Old Montreal and everything there is close walking distance and the old world charm was so romantic. We walked to the downtown area and although we had fun shopping there, we were happy to go back to the quiet Old Montreal area.	
Nov 12 2006 	Great Heritage Luxury Boutique	Disappointed in a nearby hotel, we stopped in before checking out of the other hotel and effortlessly reserved a room at this in-demand property.The common areas provide a great bar, good seating, and great people-watching provided by the happy-hour wine-and-cheese offerings. (Quebec cheese cannot be missed, and the blue veined offering was especially memorable.) The decor is mostly brick and warm woods.The generously-sized, well-lit rooms are smartly constructed and have soft beds with quality linens and solid furniture. The bathrooms are clean and well-appointed.The review in Gourmet is on-point, but Ms. Reichel's disappointments were not sharred; the often-mentioned in these reviews roadnoise was not disturbing, and I had no problem finding the (ample) closet. I look forward to my next visit, and to hopefully enjoying their menu, which looks great.	
Nov 8 2006 	Great Hotel	My wife, daughter and I stayed in this hotel for three nights. Everything was exceptional. The rooms are immaculate. Montreal is a good two or three day trip in my opinion. This is one of my favorite hotels of all time! We will be back again. The knowledge of both English and French fof the staff was impressive. The breakfast buffet was a nice way to start the day. You will not go wrong choosing this hotel.	
Oct 23 2006	Beautiful hotel exceptional service	We stayed at this absolutely beautiful hotel for 3 nights over the Thanksgiving wknd as we we had our wedding reception in a nearby place in Old Montreal. Even though we are from the Mtl region, I can say that we will definitely stay at the Nelligan again. It is an absolutely beautiful hotel, with beautiful rooms (love the brick walls and the beds are super comfortable) and we were so happy to be upgraded after arranging to have a cocktail there for our friends, following our wedding rehearsal. We ended up staying in what was a suite, I think. The service was exceptional, the front desk staff ALWAYS accomodating and friendly, as were the doormen.If I remember correctly, there were free continental breakfasts and cocktails included for every day's stay- in pleasant surroundings.I won't bother to get into more details as my reviews are usually too long- but I can honestly say that this was our most pleasing hotel experience ever, both at home and abroad.(For those of you who are out of town travellers, the Nelligan is in tthe heart of Old Mtl, very conveniently located if you are interested in Old Mtl particularly.)	
Oct 20 2006 	Love Hotel Nelligan!	My husband and I and 2 other couples went to Montreal for my husbands 40th birthday and wanted to make our trip extra special, the BEST decision we made was to stay at Hotel Nelligan! From the moment we stepped foot in the hotel, we knew it was the perfect place. It felt so warm and cozy, yet it is sophisticated and lovely. The lobby flows nicely into the lounge which makes wonderful cocktails...delicious sangrias! The staff were very friendly, and the concierge was extremely helpful in recommending great places to shop and FANTASTIC restaurants and lounges.Our room was really nice with the most comfortable beds I have ever slept on at a hotel.We took full advantage of the complimentary wine and cheese up on the terrace, which is a beautiful place to have a drink in the summer.You can't beat the location of Hotel Nelligan, it is on a really cute street called rue St Paul, in the heart of Old Montreal. On our travels around the city, we came across several high end boutique hotels, but every time we saw one, we remarked how happy we were that we were staying at the best one of all!	
Oct 18 2006 	Wonderful hotel in perfect location	We had a very pleasant stay at this hotel Sept 14-18, 2006. The room decor was lovely and included a fireplace and jacuzzi tub for two. The staff was very helpful and friendly and the breakfast buffet was perfect. Located close to Notre Dame and the metro. Try the small cafe for lunch called La Villette within walking distance. They serve wonderful sandwiches and salads with a French flair. We also had a fantastic meal in the Portuguese area of the city and wonderful Vietnamese food in China town. Take the metro to visit the Biodome and the botanical gardens...beautiful!	
Oct 6 2006 	Amazing Place to Stay!	Hotel Nelligan - Amazing place to stay. Will Return in future. Stayed in a king with fireplace and jacuzzi tub room. Wine Reception and Continental Breakfast were perfect. Location is perfect for Old Montreal and Notre Dame. Highly recommended!! Enjoy your stay at this hotel.	
Oct 4 2006 	Wish there was a Nelligan in every city!	The Nelligan was in an ideal location for exploring Old Montreal, and not too far from the subway for easy access to the rest of the city. Staff (especially Jeanne, the concierge) was extremely helpful in directing us around the city, printing current events, maps, making restaurant reservations (normal things a concierge does, but Jeanne was extra friendly and went out of her way). Staff was flexible on check-in and check-out times, and invited us to have the free continental breakfast the morning we checked in, which is a little unheard of! They even had a free wine and cheese hour every night at 5pm in the lounge. Rooms were spacious and comfortable with a stylish, modern decor (great bathroom!) - but not too trendy. Very well priced for what you get.	
Sep 27 2006 	C'est magnifique!	The previous report mentioned the amazing concierge Jeanne (Lefebvre). I highly recommend her for anyone unfamiliar with the area and would like reservations made for restaurants, tours, directions, information. No challenge too great. She is possibly the single most important employee at the hotel.But singling her out should not in anyway undermine the excellence of the rest of the staff. Four of us arrived Sept. 7 at nine o'clock, clearly two hours too late for their happy hour. We were immediately given four coupons and told to go to the bar as soon as we had settled into our rooms. On Sunday, Sept. 10, we were to take the train to Halifax at 5:30. We were allowed to keep our rooms until 3:00. This kind of service typifies the outstanding nature of this hotel. And if the service weren't enough, the physical trappings will ensnare you. Straight out of an Architectural Digest fantasy, the Hotel Nelligan builds on levels and creates a type of French/Acadian palace. So many magazines have feature this hotel that it is a wonder there is any vacancy.There are only five circles to award for service and overall experience. I would add a sixth for this hotel . The breakfast, amenities, ambiance, location would make this place hard to surpass. So why are others staying at large industrial complexes?	
Sep 26 2006 	Absolutely perfect	This is a fantastic property with an exceptional staff. The concierge Jeanne is a true difference maker and a real professional. The lobby is warm and inviting, but at the same time, upscale and dramatic. We had a King Loft with exposed stone and brick walls. Very spacious and decorated very handsomely. The housekeeping staff was on their game, as we tended to be in our room at the time they arrived for turn down service. At other hotels, this might mean that you missed this service- not here- they returned each night after we were gone. The wine and cheese was a nice touch, as was the breakfast. We walked into several other hotels, and each time, we were so glad that we were going back to the Nelligan, and you will be too.	
Sep 6 2006	Perfect	my boyfriend and i travelled to montreal for 4 nights over labor day weekend. after much research we settled on the nelligan and are so glad we did! everything about the stay was wonderful. the staff was amazingly friendly and helpful, especially the concierge jeanne. we booked the basic room and it was large with a well equipped bathroom. the hotel has an atrium in the middle which lends the interior a nice airy feel. the morning breakfast was very good - a step above standard continental breakfast. the evening wine and cheese was a very nice touch and the perfect snack before getting ready for dinner. old montreal is very picturesque. however, we found ourselves repeatedly returning to the plateau area for eating and shopping. on a nice night it isnt too far of a walk though so it wasnt a big problem. it sounds like there are many nice boutique hotels in the area, but i cant imagine any surpass the nelligan.	
Aug 20 2006 	A gem	This gem defines a boutique hotel and American hotel operators should follow the example of this hotel's charm and high quality of service.We drove from Vermont and pulled up to the curb where Carl took care of our luggage and car. Check in within the tasteful lobby was effortless and friendly. Our room was an atrium room on the 3rd floor. It was very large with two walls of exposed brick. Classical music was playing on the CD player. The bed was beautifully appointed with pillows and a duvet cover and we later discovered it was extremely comfortable. The bathroom is immense and the room came with large plush robes and slippers. The room was very quiet. There is a small fitness center on the 5th floor.The hotel features complementary wine and cheese from 5 to 7 --our tip is to redeem your free drinks up on the 5th floor rooftop terrace. You can also redeem them at two affiliated hotels within the historic neighborhood, one of which offers outdoor seating along the river. The breakfast was better than we expected--fruit, cheeses, yogurt, fresh pastries, coffee, tea etc. There were 5 or 6 complemtary daily newspapers and the lobby had many beautiful &quot;coffee table&quot; art books. The setting is in the quieter side of the historic neighborhood. We easily walked to downtown in about 15 minutes. We also walked up to Schwartz' famous deli in about 30 minutes. There is a Metro station a few blocks away. We also used our car during part of the visit and driving/parking was what you would expect in a big city.The staff were very friendly very attentive and the hotel had a very warm feeling. They will also redeem your tax rebate at the desk upon check out--a nice surprise.Highly recommended!!!!	
Aug 17 2006 	Classy and stylish	We decided to stay at the Nelligan after reading previous tripadvisor reviews, hoping that it would live up to the expectation. We were not disappointed!! The hotel is in an excellant position in old Montreal close to plenty of attractions and good restaurants. The hotel staff were extremely helpful and professional. Our room was large and beautifully designed. The cheese and wine events every evening were a nice touch, but be warned the second glass is not cheap!! If you want a stylish hotel with good service you can't go wrong here..	
Aug 16 2006 	Now this IS a boutique hotel	[----]Located in the heart of Old Montreal, THIS is what a boutique hotel should be like. A tasty continental breakfast is included and a per night coupon for glass of wine &amp; cheese between 5 and 7pm was also an unexpected surprise (it was a healthy glass too!)We arrived around 12:30 from our five-hour drive from Toronto. They have a short stay parking area directly in front of the hotel and the doorman took our keys and made arrangements to park the car immediately. We were checking out the room within 10 minutes of driving up to the hotel - AMAZING! The large king-size room was nicely appointed (although, it could have used a larger flat panel TV). CD stereo was already on in the room with classical music quietly playing - nice touch. The bed was made with crisp white linens, lots and lots of feather pillows and a comfy duvet. A soft brown coverlet was carefully placed on the corner of the bed. There were plenty of places in the room to sit and enjoy a glass of wine (two comfy chairs in front of the electric fireplace, at the desk, a small table with chairs by the closet or the lovely chair and foot rest by the window. The bathroom was also quite extravagant - huge 2 person Jacuzzi, and large glass shower (although it could have used two shower heads!) The toilet area was a bit cramped and the bathroom could have used a bit more light (getting old!). The attention to detail in the room was exceptional and the amenities were nice too.All in all, I would recommend this hotel for its location, rooms AND service!	
Aug 13 2006	No problems with the Nelligan	This hotel has an excellent location in Montreal and is beautifully furnished. The breakfast was substantial and included in the price. Hotel staff were very helpful. The room was a little cramped with a king bed and a roll away for a child. Very good rooftop restaurant and bar. We had a spectacular storm on our last night there while on the roof terrace. Very urban chic and interesting modern architecture.	
Aug 10 2006 	Top notch	I rarely give five stars but this is about as good as it probably gets in terms of understated style, comfort, class and location. Excellent rooms, comfortable bedding and fine service make for an enjoyable stay in this fine city. Beware the fifth floor though, as after asking for a quiet room, I was put on a corridor leading to the rooftop bar, although this did close at a reasonable time!	
Aug 5 2006 	Brilliant	Stayed first night after arriving in Montreal before setting off on a tour. Staff were very friendly and the room was brilliant. Only negative point was the HALF glass of champagne in the bar that cost $23!! Anyway none the more for that we enjoyed our first night. When we came bck to Montreal for our last 2 nights we stayed at the Nelligan again and had an even better time. The hotel is ideally located for restaurants and shops and I would definitely recommend this hotel to couples or singles.	
Jul 29 2006 	Great Hotel and Location	We had an excellent stay at the Hotel Nelligan. Booked a package deal through a &quot;luxury&quot; travel website that included complimentary drinks and dinner for 2 at the restaurant in the hotel (Verses). Stayed 3 nights. Staff was very friendly and helpful. Location of the hotel is superb - most interesting area in Montreal right in the middle of the old city. King suite room was comfortable with nice bed and linens (albeit a bit dark since we had an interior facing room). Neat rooftop bar for drinks. Dinner at the restaurant was very good as well (it is recommended by Frommers as one of the better restaurants in the area). Would recommend the hotel and would definitely stay there again.	
Jul 25 2006 	Charming hotel	My husband and I just came back from the Nelligan this weekend.As soon as we arrivied our high expectations were fulfilled..We resevred a king loft room. The room was large, comfortable and charming. The king size bed and the linens were to die for. The bathroom included a jacuzzi and a separate shower stall. We are definitly going back next year.	
Jul 25 2006 	Great Honeymoon Choice	My new husband and I chose this hotel based on the other reviews here on TripAdvisor. I have to say that the rave reviews are well deserved. The staff, especially Concierge Janeine, were great. She gave us fantastic recommendations for restaurants which really made our honeymoon extra special. There are a lot of great restaurants in Montreal, but many are very touristy. Janeine helped us to avoid them. Our room was beautiful. We chose a king loft room with a double whirlpool bath ( I recommend ). With the super comfortable bed and the over all quiteness of the hotel we were able to relax completely. The stay includes a hugh continental breakfast and wine and cheese each afternoon. We stayed from Tuesday to Saturday. By Thursday the hotel started really filling up. Although the overall atmosphere of the hotel was lovely, I would recommend a Monday to Wednesday stay while it is quiter. We will definately go back to the Nelligan. Another tip, they have special book on-line rates on their website.	
Jul 5 2006	Wonderful long weekend	Stayed at the Nelligan for a long 4th of July weekend visit. Usually, my husband and I will dump our luggage and then head out to see the city but this hotel had a wonderful decor and atmosphere, so we ended up spending our first afternoon just lounging around in the downstairs bar, having drinks and watching the World Cup.PROS:The rooms are very large, clean and well decorated. There is a lovely terrace bar on the top floor where you can have drinks and view the city. Try their clear sangria- delicious!! Continental breakfast is a choice of cereal, yogurt, cheeses, hard boiled eggs, breads and fresh baked pastries plus coffee, tea and juice. More than enough for getting you ready for the day. Jeanne, the concierge, is very knowledgable.(very minor) CONS: The complimentary evening wine and cheese was disappointing - fresh fruit disappeared within minutes with no refills and the cheese was replaced only after the board was completely bare and someone went to complain. Our room on the 4th floor was under the terrace and we were woken at 8am on Monday morning by the deep rumbling of tables and counters being set out for the terrace above us. Anne- Marie at the front desk was less knowledgeable - sent us to a non-existent gas station and to the worst bar for watching a football game.Definitely would come back to stay and am also tempted to try their sister hotel, Hotel place Des Armes.	
Jul 2 2006 	Bricks/green apples/Character all in one!	Overall an excellent hotel. Upon my arrival, the bellman took my luggage and the hotel reception was ready to give me my room. As always, there are pros/cons. PROS- Location is in Old Montreal. Close proximity to most tourist attractions in Montreal. Room is quite big. Loved the bricks (added character I think). SERVICE -- the employees were always so very helpful. Rooms/bathrooms were very CLEAN. Loved the added classical music on the radio. CONS- Very small gym/fitness room. Got my bill wrong (told me I had a diet coke but I didn't...so check your bill before paying!) Breakfast was too continental (croissants/chocolate croissants/cereal). Since this was a boutique hotel, I was hoping they'd at least serve some traditional Quebecois food like the pork spread (forgot the name)... Overall, my stay was great. If you have time, check out the terrace on the roof. Very nice.	
Jun 25 2006	Lovely Place the Nelligan	My wife and I spent three lovely nights in June at the Nelligan. Our room was modern and quiet. The morning breakfast was perfect.The location in the middle of Old Montreal is great for walking and the staff was very helpful with all of our questions. And the high speed internet service worked without a hitch.I recommend it highly.	
Jun 20 2006	one of the best hotels we have stayed in...	We booked a King Loft room, before our cruise, and it was wonderful. One of the best hotels we have stayed in. Very comfortable, the room faced the the street, but very quite. Jeanne, the Chef Concierge was delightful and very helpful. She helped picking a restaurant, the Modavie, which was about 2 blocks from the hotel and made the reservations for us.She also set up a tour with Grayline and had them pick us up at the hotel and took care of our luggage.A wonderful breakfast is included and a wine and cheese happy hour.The hotel is right behind Notre Dame Cathederal and a good location for tourist.	
Jun 13 2006	Home away from home	We stayed at the Hotel Nelligan for several days in May this year. It was cold and rainy outside, and the Nelligan was a welcome sanctuary. The room (we had a Loft King) was large and so comfortable it was a struggle to face the jetlag and weather and force ourselves to leave it. I loved the fireplace and chairs around it... and the armchair and ottoman by the bed was perfect to read in. It was cosy and homey and warm and welcoming - didn't feel like a hotel room, but was way more luxurious than our room at home!The staff were very friendly and helpful. We had a problem in the bathroom - returned from dinner one night to find drips coming through the ceiling. We were moved to another room immediately. This room was very slightly smaller, and on the river side of the building - which was noisy in the early morning with delivery vans/rubbish collectors. When we pointed this out to the front desk, we were promptly shifted back to the Rue St Paul side, in a room identical to that we were first in. We could not complain about the service we received. And the irony is that if we had been in the second room from the beginning, we would have been more than happy!We thoroughly appreciated the wine and cheese every evening from 5-7 pm in the courtyard bar. The glasses were large and cheese was unlimited - quite frankly one was enough if we were going on to have a bottle of wine with dinner! The only problem we had were the smokers - but that seemed to be a Montreal problem.The location of the hotel is perfect for tourists. Its on the main street of the old town, very close to the Cathedral, and lots of good restaurants around. Don't miss Verses, where we had an excellent meal, with very good service.I heartily recommend using this hotel. Its not a glitzy 5 star chain hotel. But that is its charm. You will not be disappointed.	
May 24 2006	Lovely!	Just back from a three night stay at the Nelligan. The staff is quick, friendly and courteous from the friendly and charming valet parking boys to the desk clerks and wait staff. The room was lovely! I could move in. King bed, tons of pillows, great duvet, soothing lighting. Bathroom was wonderful except for somewhat poor lighting over the sink. Great bathtub with tons of hot, hot water. I could have used some bubble bath. Room on the alley was generally quiet except for some early morning garbage pickup that was annoying. Breakfast was fine, again with quick efficient and friendly staff. Wine and cheese was also very nice with a nice selection of cheeses and a good red!. Too bad they only offer one glass on the house. The design and feeling of the hotel is soothing and peaceful. Good selection of papers in both French and English and staff fluctuates between French and English with ease and comfort. Will definitely stay here on my next visit. Excellent value in Old Montreal. I hope it stays that way! Run down the street to Bouchees Gourmandes and enjoy some lovely hot chocolate and a delicious morning crepe. Bienvenue!!	
May 18 2006	Great Stay	I loved my stay at the Nelligan. It's a wonderful hotel, the rooms are extremely nice designed, the staff is very helpful and the bar is a great place to have a drink before heading back to the room after a long day of sightseeing and shopping.	
May 12 2006	Tres bon!	Just a short taxi ride from the Trudeau airport (about 15 minutes) delivered us to the front steps of Hotel Nelligan at 106, Rue Saint-Paul (--). Don’t be discourage by the unassuming façade of the old building without any grand canopied entrance, for inside you will discover a nest of luxury where North American generosity meets European style. The room was large enough to accommodate a sumptuous king-size bed with luxurious down comforter and pillows and still leave the space to move around without knocking down furniture. The bathroom was in the back of the room (not right at the entrance as it is typically in other hotels), and that made it feel more private, more like home. Let me now rave about the size of the bath tub for it was enormous and enormously comfortable: a real soaking tub to relax and rejuvenate. It called for some Provencal soaps and bath oils (sold in a smart little shop further down Rue Saint-Paul). The exposed brick wall added unexpected grace to this elegant abode. Artwork was tastefully understated. The only tiny little minus was that our room overlooked the hotel’s narrow atrium and therefore received no day light or fresh air. Be mindful of that if you need to request specific accommodations. Hotel staff was polite, efficient and polished without being too bubbly in the worst cheerleading fashion. Their lightly accented English was charming, their French – disarmingly attractive. In my professional life, I’ve stayed in some top hotel properties in the United States and beyond, and this little gem is not inferior to some of the best of them. Its superior location in Vieux Montreal (just steps away from Notre Dame and a short walking distance from Place Jacques-Cartier) adds more stars to its overall rating. A truly inspired choice!	
May 11 2006	Memorable Experience	What a great hotel - very friendly and helpful staff, chic surroundings, spacious and functional. The rooms were very comfortable and the old stone walls added to the warm surroundings. Breakfasts in the atrium were a real pleasure. One of the highlights was having a complementary glass of wine and nibbling some cheese in the afternoon while watching Montreal walk by through the magnificent bay windows. This hotel exceeded our already high expectations in every way.(The fact that I asked my girlfriend to marry me while she was laying in the Jacuzzi bath may bias my opinion on Hotel Nelligan slightly!)	
Apr 24 2006 	Moderate Hotel	I chose the Nelligan for two reasons, price and location. The hotel lived up to my expectations for both of these reasons. Given the positive reviews posted here, however, I expected the hotel room to be better. The linens, pillows and temperature control were very good in the atrium room. The room was too noisy, and the bathroom merely adequate. The location in the atrium resulted in noise from the bar in the evening filling the room. In addition, a meeting room across the hall from my room resutling in excessive noise that woke me up earlier than intended. The front desk was very helpful in providing directions and restaurant suggestions.	
Apr 4 2006	Parfait!	Great location, aesthetically cool, incredibly comfortable beds, and a first-rate restaurant and bar attached -- what more could you want?!My girlfriend and I made a quick weekend trip into Montreal to visit relatives, and the Hotel Nelligan was the perfect place to stay.The location, of course, is great. Nestled on Rue de St. Paul -- apparently the oldest street in the city -- the Hotel is in the heart of Old Montreal and just a block away from the Notre Dame Cathedral. So there's plenty of boutique shopping (including art galleries and knick-knacks), cafes, and street entertainment (when the weather's good). The Hotel itself gives off a hip and modern aesthetic vibe, but it does not sacrifice comfort. We stayed in a King Atrium overlooking St. Paul street -- it was nicely sized and, most importantly, it had an INCREDIBLY COMFORTABLE BED (akin to the Heavenly beds at the Sheraton chain). The lobby, although not large, has an airy openness. Just past the front desk, the ceiling opens to an atrium that runs up the middle of the building. It's very relaxing to hang out there in the comfortable chairs while enjoying some coffee or wine. The lobby also flows freely into the Verses Bar, which in turn flows into the Verses Restaurant ... And that brings me to the best part -- the connection to Verses, which is highly rated and excellent. The bar serves great cocktails -- various kinds of martinis, mojitos, etc. (I have stopped in there on different trips even when I wasn't staying at the hotel). And the food is innovative and excellent as well. Even as my girlfriend and I were walking around Old Montreal, we kept gravitating back to the hotel for lunch (awesome angus burger) and then drinks. A final note: the service and incidentals were also top-notch. The employees are young, helpful, and speak English (without making you ashamed that you're not speaking French). The hotel also provides a nice complimentary continental breakfast and afternoon wine, beer, and cheese in the Verses bar area. So, as I said, it gives you everything you could want ...	
Mar 13 2006	Excellent experience!!	My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Nelligan to relax for a few days, and we were definitely not disappointed! We stayed in a King Loft. The room was clean, spacious and very quiet. All of the furniture was tasteful and wonderfully comfortable. And free high speed internet access!Our favorite feature of the room was the double spa tub, which was a great way to warm up after the freezing cold of Montreal in February! I'm a sucker for great bathrooms!The staff of the hotel was VERY friendly and professional. We couldn't have asked for a more attentive and courteous staff.We will definitely recommend this hotel to others, and we'll be back very soon.	
Mar 7 2006	Fantastic	This hotel was fantastic, Only hotel i have ever stayed in where there was no problems what so ever, where everything i asked for was done and done well, in case your wondering the arranged for wine and choclates for me, to be deliverd to the room on valintines morning. plus confirmed my dinner reservations and sorted out a carriage ride. The concerage Jeene was amazing.The whole hotel is just qaulity. There arnt many staff, so you see the same faces again and again and they where always freindly. Room was sapcious and clean plus evrything worked. the bathroom was also large and nice something alot of hotels havent got. Go stay and be impressedYada	
Feb 13 2006	What a great hotel!	We just got back from a great weekend at Hotel Nelligan in Montreal. I highly recommend it for a romantic get-away! We spent a little more (225 on Orbitz) to book the junior suite which had a fireplace, king bed and double jacuzzi but it was definitely worth it. Some rooms only have windows overlooking the center atrium (noisy and dark) so be careful when you book. The lobby was cozy and inviting with complementary wine and cheese from 5-7 and a great continental breakfast in the morning - also included. The staff was friendly and helpful. We had an issue with our shower head and the staff was in the room and had it changed within 15 minutes!The location in Old (Vieux) Montreal was perfect. There were quite a few shops and restaurants within walking distance even in the 16 degree weather. Enjoy!	
Jan 15 2006	Disappointed	Every other weekend my girlfriend and I spend a Saturday night at one of the local hotels. This weekend we decided to give the Nelligan a try based on the stellar reviews we read on trip advisor.Frankly speaking I found this hotel to be very average. In fact for the price I paid, $290 CAD for a Loft, I think I was short changed. Below you'll find my observations:1. The room was small and in need of a renovation. Don't get me wrong the room is nice, but it is somewhat worn down and at this price range you could book a Mega room at the W hotel or a standard room at the St. James. Both of which are much nicer, larger and better equipped.2. Room service closes at 11:00PM!! You cannot even order a bottle of water. I checked in late and at 11:30 PM was looking to drink some water. My mini bar had ONLY one 125ML bottle of water, so I called reception to request some water only to be told that room service is closed. I was transferred to the bar and at first was told that there is nothing they can do for me, only after some persistence from my part did they accept to send a few large bottles of water. I am sorry but these days it is only normal for one to expect 24 hour room service, at least for water and cold snacks. Moreover the staff should at least attempt to help you with such requests, I should not persist. At the W they have a 24 hour Whatever/Whenever concierge service, you could book a private jet at 4 AM if you wanted to, here I was only looking for some water and they made it seem like I am asking for the impossible. 3. On Sunday morning I called to request a late check out, and was told that the best they could do is 12:30PM, I asked for a 13:00 check out, but was shut down. The half hour was the difference between rushing through my breakfast and shower, and having an easy start to my day. At every other hotel I stayed in I requested the same thing and was always granted a 13:00 check out. I mean how busy is their Sunday check in going to be, especially in mid January?4. Breakfast was very average. Really nothing to write home about. Overall I had a very average experience. I paid too much for what I got, and would much rather I spent my weekend at the W, the St. James or even the St. Paul for that matter. Basically there is much better value out there for your $ if you are willing to spend $290 per night. That same Saturday I could have booked a Mega room at the W for $245 or a standard room at the St. James for $295.My two cents.	
Dec 28 2005 	A Gem of a hotel in Old Montreal	My husband and I recently returned from Montreal and a magnificent stay at the Hotel Nelligan. It was without a doubt fabulous. From the attentive service of the staff to the quaint brick-walled rooms to the extra added touch of the complimentary wine and cheese reception...the Hotel Nelligan is just one of the treasures that one will find in Montreal.Having been to Montreal several times...this was our first stay at the Nelligan. It is located in the heart of Old Montreal and in the perfect location to walk and explore and just become lost in History and Culture. Our room had a beautiful king bed along with exposed brick walls that added to the charm of Old Montreal. When we entered the room...there was classical music playing from the cd player...such a wonderful touch. Our room overlooked the atrium where they served breakfast as well as the wine and cheese reception...it was reminiscent of a European courtyard...absolutely beautiful. In the evening...the restaurant became a little noisy...but it did not upset us one bit...we just went down to join in the fun! However...if you do like peace and quiet after the hours of 8pm...I do recommend that you book a room facing outside.The Hotel Nelligan was the highlight of our trip to Montreal...and we intend to make it our place to stay when we return. Do not hesitate to book the Hotel Nelligan...you will not regret it!	
Dec 19 2005	Warm welcoming and wonderful	Four of us spent four nights in two separate rooms, and we had a great stay. The staff is fantastic and very, very helpful. Carlo helped us with our luggage and was super about greeting and helping us during the rest of our stay -- sweet and friendly each time we met. The front desk staff was unfailingly kind and courteous and never steered us wrong with recommendations -- always good picks. The rooms were well appointed with comfortable beds, bottles of water and yummy chocolates on the pillows at night. The lobby is gorgeous with a fireplace and leather sofas and a complimentary glass of wine each night. Also the breakfast included each morning was a perfect start. Well located in Old Town near the Basilica, it was about a $10 taxi ride to anywhere downtown. I would definitely recommend this hotel for the price we paid -- CAD$184/night/room. The only issues we had were the lighting is a bit dim in the rooms and our toilet whistled when flushed -- but there were very minor. If I am back in Montreal I would not hesitate to select the Nelligan again. We loved it!	
Nov 17 2005	Not totally satisfied	Hotel Nelligan is beautiful, with a helpful staff, splendid amenities, and in a great location. It is, however, quite expensive, and I was very disappointed with my room.My room was an interior room, with the only window overlooking an enclosed courtyard. It was dark all the time, and there was not sufficient lighting to make up for the lack of natural light. A claustrophoic individiual would have had problems. Also, it was impossible to determine the weather conditions from this cave-like room. Furthermore, it was extraordinarily noisy and highly disturbing when the courtyard was full of the bar / restaurant customers. The exterior rooms are obviously the ones to request -a guest can see outside and can avoid late night noisy revelers.The hotel would be perfect if you are not on a budget and if you get the right room!	
Nov 3 2005 	Superb Service-- We'll be Back!	I rarely feel the need to write a review of a hotel, but this property is fabulous. Right in the heart of Old Montreal, it has been completely refurbished and is not only modern but comfortable and cozy. The loft room that we had was huge and there was even an area for my 1 year old to play. The bathroom tub could fit 3....and the decor was perfect for a city with dark wood, cushy beds, and exposed brick walls. Very trendy. Our rather inexpensive rate (just about $225 Canadian) included b-fast as well as a wine and cheese reception. The staff was overly helpful...and I have never been treated so well... We will return next year!	
Oct 18 2005 	A Wise Choice	My husband and I just returned from a 4-night stay at Hotel Nelligan which we chose based on recommendations from this website. We were looking for something anti-Holiday Inn and this is an excellent choice for an upscale, somewhat homey yet sophisticated hotel.Hotel Nelligan is located in an artsy, charming, cobblestoned-street neighborhood (old Montreal--old-world european feel) with narrow winding streets. It has character and charm as opposed to downtown. The Nelligan has a sophisticated yet relaxed feel, with big soft leather couches and a fireplace in the lounge/reception area. It's a great place to enjoy the free 5-7pm wine and cheese (and grapes and baguette) every night, which is a really nice touch. The free breakfast was also great: hard-boiled eggs, muffins, croissants, tri-colored diced fresh fruit salad (cantaloupe, honeydew pineapple, with some watermelon thrown in), cereal, toast, yogurt, OJ and coffee. The guests of the Nelligan in general appeared upscale, definitely not the Holiday Inn crowd.We had a room with a king-sized bed that was comfortable, a jacuzzi tub, and the walls were exposed brick, which made for a comforting feel. The room was spacious, aesthetically pleasing and while not really luxurious, was far superior to the standard chain-type hotel. The front desk made some excellent restaurant recommendations for old montreal--try them! The first was L'Epicier-- a few blocks walking distance from Nelligan. It's innovative, bold and adventurous french food by a celebrity chef. Totally worth your $ and time if you appreciate fine food and an artsy and visually appealing presentation. 2 or 3 blocks the other direction down St. Paul street is Les Pyrenees, also fabulous french/spanish food in a warm, casually sophisticated setting you should not miss. Also there is Le Petit Moulinsart which we tried. The restaurant served mainly mussels and was a little less sophisticated than the others. The main courses were good, just not the salad and french onion soup--I would go to L'Epicier or Les Pyrenees for dinner instead if I were you. For dim sum, go to Ruby Rouge in Chinatown.If you want quality shopping, take a cab to Ogilvy's or Holt Renfrew department stores for about $6 plus a tip (or walk 20 minutes there). (Check their websites out for more info on what type of shopping they offer) The underground malls are close by but seem to offer more gaudy and junky looking clothes, although there are some decent boutiques scattered here and there. Brown's right there on St. Catherine has great shoes, especially boots. In general, Montreal is definitely the place to go for warm, stylish winter clothing, jackets and boots--much better selection, quality and variety of styles than what I've ever seen around the States.I would stay at the Nelligan again in a heartbeat. The staff is knowledgeable, helpful and you can't beat the location.	
Oct 7 2005	Wonderful hotel	Just stayed in this lovely hotel and it rates among my favorites. All the personnel couldn't have been more friendly or helpful. It is in a very good location, the Vieux Port, and is any easy walk to most shops and restaurants of interest. I highly recommend it to anyone. I would be happy to answer any questions regarding my stay.	
Oct 5 2005	Wonderful	My husband and I spent only one night at this wonderfull hotel and our only regret is we did not plan another night here. We have both traveled quite a bit in US and Europe and have never stayed at a hotel quite as nice as Hotel Nelligan. From the lounge to the bar to the rooms this hotel is gorgeous. Staff were wonderfull-very pleasant,helpfull and professional. We had dinner at Gibby's on the recommendation of Roberto-excellent restaurant.Would most definately recommend this hotel to everyone. Should we happen to be in Montreal again would only stay here.	
Sep 28 2005	Fabulous Hotel	My husband and I just took our first trip to Montreal and we stayed for two nights at the Hotel Nelligan. Montreal is a wonderful place to visit and the Hotel Nelligan couldn't have been better. The decor was beautiful, the rooms were spacious and inviting, and the staff at the hotel were very accommodating. Everyone of the staff members we encountered during our stay were more than happy to answer any of our questions, help us with directions etc. I would highly recommend the Hotel Nelligan.	
Sep 25 2005	Your Best Choice for a Hotel	This is my favorite hotel. Whenever there is a long weekend with the possibility of getting away, Montreal and the Hotel Nelligan is my first choice. The rooms are beautiful and comfortable, the 5pm free glass of wine is a nice relaxer, and the restaurant is very good, and the location is simply the best.	
Sep 19 2005	C'est parfait	Truly world class. Outstanding staff, fabulous building. Bedroom was a decent size and nicely kitted out. Breakfast was really good and the bar was always busy with a good atmosphere - sitting in the window was good for people watching. Good restaurant but slightly pretenious and service not quite as perfect as the hotel. Great roof terrace bar.Super location. Vieux Montreal is the place to stay and the Nelligan is right at the heart of things. Navaje (?) has live music while you dine and the food was pretty good. Restaurant du Vieux Port (same group as the Hotel) was good food and good service. La Maree on the main square was so bad we got up and left. Jardin Nelson does a good value lunch - long queues for the garden yet the terrace was great for watching the world go by.	
Sep 9 2005	Our perfect hotel	My husband and I stayed at Hotel Nelligan for four nights as part of our honeymoon recently. We stayed in a King Loft room facing out onto the street and our room was absolutely amazing. The minute we walked in the door we thought it was just too good to be true. The bathroom was very spacious with a fantastic whirlpool bath and an excellent power shower. The decor was really beautiful, with chocalately browns, red brick and warm golds. The theme of the hotel was literary, with quotes from the poet Emile Nelligan framed on the wall above the fireplace in our room. It was just the perfect tone and setting for a honeymoon and would be ideal if you are planning a romantic break in Montreal. The staff were always friendly and helpful and gave us some great recommendations on where to eat out in the city. The food at breakfast and was very healthy - mainly fruit, yoghurt and cheeses as well as differnt breads - which is a nice contrast to the usual egg and bacon breakfasts offered by mainstream hotels. It was all very fresh and the buffet was replenished regularly. Included in our room price was a complimentary glass of wine and plate of cheese, which you can have either on the roof terrace (another fantastic feature of the hotel!) or down in the hotel bar / library between 5 and 7pm. This was a nice touch as it meant we could have pre-dinner drinks at the hotel every evening before heading out to eat. There's also a good restaurant, Verses, in the hotel but we were keen to explore the city so we didn't try this out. In terms of location, this was another great aspect to the hotel as there were plenty of good restaurants on our street - Rue St. Paul Ouest - and it's right in the middle of Old Montreal, perfect for after dinner strolls. For us, this hotel seemed to have got it all right - from the decor to the food to the staff and atmosphere this hotel really has put together a wonderful setting for a romantic stay in Old Montreal and we recommend it highly. The style of the hotel suits Montreal well as a city, with the emphasis on French culture and heritage and it has a very European flavour. I also thought that the price we paid ($280 CAN) was very good value for money, considering the size of the room and the quality of the inclusive breakfast. It was our dream hotel so by recommending it, I hope it can provide a dream stay in Montreal for other tripadvisor.com readers too.	
Sep 6 2005	Fantastic hotel	What a fantastic place. Located in the heart of the Old City in Montreal. All of the staff is friendly and helpful. Rooms are large and clean. Restaurant food is excellent.Guests receive a continental breakfast and evening wine and cheese as part of their stay at the hotel. Hotel is expensive but deals can be found at luxurylink. Even without the deals, this hotel is well worth the money and is highly recommended for a fabulous weekend in Montreal.Hotel is also set up for business people with all of the electronic connections in the rooms. There is also a free shuttle service between the hotel and the business section of Montreal. Hotel is also close to the convention centre.	
Sep 6 2005	Hotel Nelligan was perfect	Stayed at the Nelligan over Labor Day weekend and would highly recommend. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful, our room was done up very well, and the rooftop terrace is key. I did ask for a room facing the front after reading other reviews and while we got one looking out onto the side street, noise was minimal. It is a city after all. Breakfast was nice plus especially given that you can sleep in and still enjoy it.	
Sep 2 2005	Top Marks for Hotel Nelligan	After touring round Canada we chose the Nelligan for our last night in Montreal. The reviews previously supplied are very accurate - we loved everything about the hotel and the staff go out of their way to make your stay special.We managed to fit in a meal in the Hotel restaurant. The food was extremely well cooked but as in many good restaurants the portions were small...so those of you with big appetites may need a snack later!Definately a hotel to return to or recommend to others.	
Aug 30 2005	Excellent hotel great atmosphere!	My daughter and I visited Montreal with her best friend and mom, during a heat wave in late June. The Hotel Nelligan was a wonderful place to stay--handsome exposed brick walls, an excellent bed in our huge room, large bathroom with a whirlpool tub and separate shower. And the air conditioning worked really well! My friend and I enjoyed the evening wine and cheese, while the girls snacked a bit and then headed up to one of our rooms; the hotel was small enough that we didn't worry about them on their own. Fresh apples in the halls every day were also a treat. The breakfast was good though not excellent--a reasonable selection of pastries, quiches, yogurt, fruit, juices, coffee and teas... I just wish they had warmed the quiche. We did have some problems with smoke in the dining areas both morning and evening. Easy walking distance to all sights in the old city, and the subway was just a few blocks away. We found the front desk very helpful on where to eat and how to get around.	
Aug 28 2005	Absolutely loved the Nelligan	My girlfriend and I stayed at the Hotel Nelligan in July 2005, during the Jazz Festival. We had an absolutely wonderful time at the Nelligan for many reasons. We stayed in one of the 3rd rooms overlooking the atrium, and found the room spacious, nicely decorated, clean, and with a small in-room CD-stereo system that helped create nice ambiance. My girlfriend loved the deep bath tub, and she made it a point to take a relaxing bath each afternoon. The hotel staff was attentive and knowledgeable, able to answer our questions about restaurants and other attractions. We enjoyed the wine and cheese event each afternoon, even though originally we thought it sounded a little hokey.....it gave us a chance to relax in the lobby after attending some of the jazz events and meet other guests of the hotel. We enjoyed the rooftop bar/terrace on one afternoon, and the waiter immediately responded to our request to order a cheese plate (not on the terrace menu) by going down to the lobby level restaurant, filling the order, and bringing it to us...then thunderstorms and lightning moved in, everyone had to leave the terrace, and the same waiter brought our cheese plate and wine down to our room. Location was great...in old Montreal and about a ten to twelve minute walk from the Jazz Festival site. We definitely will stay at the Nelligan the next time we visit Montreal, and are already planning our next trip.	
Aug 8 2005	Wonderful Hotel From Dallas Texas	My husband, myself and my senior parents stayed at The Hotel Nelligan from 7/27-8/1/2005. We went to Montreal to attend my son's wedding and needed to be close to the Basillica (1 block). The river was 1 block in the opposite direction. From many, many hotel options I selected the Hotel Nelligan for it's close proximity to the wedding venue, as well as its old world charm. We were not disappointed. We were within a few blocks of most everything we wanted or needed. We obtained King Superior rooms and were delighted with all of the amenities each room had. My parent's only negative comment concerned a lack of drawer space for a five night stay. Mom forgot her slippers and a pair were brought up to her immediately. My dad forgot his black dress socks and a valet stopped on his way home to purchase a pair and delivered them to our room the next day. We loved being able to open the huge windows. The quality and comfort of the bedding was exceptional. The big hair dryer and lighted make up mirror were appreciated since our bathroom didn't have a window. We also enjoyed the HUGE bath tub. My parent's room had a jacuzzi and they loved it! The complimentary continental breakfast was extensive and delicious! There must have been 6 or 7 choices of breads and pastries. There was fruit salad, cheese, eggs, cereal choices, salmon, ect. The complimentary wine, cheese/fruit and baget bread slices was a delightful precurser to dinner. The attached restaurant, Versus provided one of the best meals we had in Montreal. We had a dinner for 9 people and everyone was very impressed with their dinner selection. Family staying at the Intercontinental said they wished they were at the Hotel Nelligan. We Loved having drinks or dinner on the rooftop terrace. The staff was delightful, and went above and beyond the call of duty to make our stay comfortable. If we ever get back to Montreal, we'll stay at the Hotel Nelligan. Fabulous Hotel !!!!	
Jul 25 2005	great find	Location is wonderful. One block from the water and museum. Short walking distance to all the old fort sites. Good shopping area and restaurants, too. Beautiful hotel with a center atrium in an old restored building. We were upgraded to a lovely suite with fireplace. Roof bar with views of the river. Free drinks in the evening and a hearty free breakfast. The restaurant had a great menu but we did not eat there	
Jul 14 2005 	C'est magnifique!	My partner and I stayed four nights at Hotel Nelligan and, upon arrival, we began lamenting our return to New York. The Nelligan embodies all the wonders of Montreal -- history, design, and a certain joie de vivre. The hotel is located in Vieux Montreal, the historic center. The area is heavily touristed, yet the Old World feel more than compensates for the sunburned, camera-clicking masses. Plus, the Nelligan is only four or five short blocks to the Place D'Armes station and the metro line will whisk you quickly to the neighborhoods in which Montrealers play (St. Denis, St. Laurent, the Village, Mile End, or Quartier Latin). Our room, I believe it was a superior king, was larger than a New York apartment and contained, in addition to the bed dressed in Frette linens, a pull-out sofa bed, large desk, and table for two. The bathroom, too, was large with a sculpted tub perfect for baths. Although the hotel consists of two historic buildings, you will not be without mod-cons -- ample lighting, high-speed internet access, CD player, and controllable central air conditioning. It's not the Ritz Carlton, but that's the reason to stay here. It's not stuffy or ostentatious. The staff was young, attractive, and -- contrary to what someone else posted -- extraordinarily service-oriented and friendly. There's a good, but slightly-more-expensive-than-it-should-be restaurant downstairs called Versus and, on the rooftop, a terrace with both a city and river view that attracts the suits, hipsters, and tourists alike. I have only three minor caveats: The toiletries were not replenished every day and the water pressure was low. Of course, the flip side of this is that conservation is the rule. Also, someone mentioned that the sanitation trucks may wake you in the morning. It's true; however, they didn't arrive until after 8:00 a.m.. It wasn't bad until they dumped the recycling bin with all the glass bottles. At least, I can take solace in the fact that they do recycle. It is Canada, eh?	
Jul 6 2005	Nelligan - still a great find	This was our second visit to Nelligan. It's still a fantastic boutique hotel with about 60 rooms very close to the heart of Old Montreal, 2 streets from the harbourfront. The front desk is always very friendly and ready to help with cabs, maps, suggestions, directions. We were greeted with gourmet cookies and a hand-written note in our room - thanking us for returning to the hotel. The room, 317, was slightly smaller than the one we had last year, however still very large by comparison to other hotels I've stayed in (about 40 sq m - King Loft). Hotel rate was $240 Canadian if you booked well enough in advance. Since many Montreal hotels raise their prices during the Jazz Festival, we thought this was a great rate. On room selection, if you are a light sleeper, don't get an interior room (overlooking the atrium bar) as it can be noisy until midnight and make sure you get a room on St. Paul Street. 317 was backing onto a back alley - not St. Paul - and 2 of 3 mornings I was awoken by pickup of recycling in the alleyway at 6.30am. The room was very clean and well appointed with minibar, cable TV, CD Stereo, robes, umbrella, safe. Towels were changed twice a day with the bed turned down and chocolates, water and the next day's weather provided in the evening.The bathrooms were just as fantastic as last year. A double jacuzzi bath with wonderful Essential Elements toiletries (also replenished twice a day) which was immaculately clean (I usually find Jacuzzis in hotels are the first to appear aged and dirty), with a large separate shower. Bathroom has a good hairdryer, shaving mirror and portable oxygen dispenser (at $15/per use!).The hotel has a restaurant &amp; bar on the main floor and a wonderful rooftop patio on the 5th floor that doesn't take reservations but has full menu. Both times we've stayed here there has been a wedding reception on the rooftop on Saturday, but this year the hotel did not close the rooftop to the public. There are DJs or a band at night on the rooftop on weekends and is a great place to have a drink in the evening. We had hoped to watch the fireworks from the rooftop patio (as last year - Montreal has an international firework festival for several saturdays in the summer) however due to the wedding and no reservations (plus the fact that the fireworks were further down the harbourfront) we were not able to. The hotel also provides a continental breakfast in the restaurant bar till 11am (sorry - don't know how it was as we never made it) and a glass of wine &amp; cheese voucher from 5-7pm (or just wine if you take the voucher to the rooftop).Old Montreal is a really lovely place with buildings but similar to Europe in the fact that it is packed with tourists on the weekends and a good portion of the shopping and eating establishments are geared to tourists. I've travelled in Europe so know how to look past the tourists and by 11pm the place quietens down. There aren't many late night places to goto in Old Montreal and nor convenience store open late for emergency purchases, however there is the Cobalt Lounge on St. Paul Street and one night we walked the 15 minute walk to the new W Hotel which has a small bar/club called Wunderbar which was fun. There was no 24 hour room service at the Nelligan so you're left with ordering pizza or other delivery food (Zesto's Pizza was fast and good value). The Nelligan is 2 minutes from Notre Dame Basilica, 6-7 minutes away from the nearest subway and we walked to Place Des Arts (right downtown - where the main Jazz Festival area is) in about 25 minutes. For the main bar areas of St. Denis or St. Laurent, it would be a 35-40 minute walk. Cabs are plentiful but slow to get out of Old Montreal during the weekend days.I'd definitely reccomend the Nelligan to anyone considering Old Montreal.	
Jun 24 2005	not as good as cracked up to be	the staff were all ho hum - anonymous like a big hotel - only there were only 60 rooms in the hotel - it was overpriced - my room was comfortable enough although there was a big stain on the carpet - and there was an everpresent smell - i thought it was smoke but the front desk assured me that it was the same in all the rooms.	
May 13 2005 	The best hotel I've every stayed in	I stayed at the Hotel Nelligan for a 3 day business meeting/training. This is by far the nicest hotel I have ever stayed in. I have nothing to complained about. The room had this huge bed -- king size. When you walked into the room you were greeted with classical music playing from the radio/cd player. The bathroom was very clean -- spotless -- no mold or dingy tile. It also had a shower and a big bathtub. There was a pedestal sink, hair dryer and lighted mirror. In the wardrobe there were slippers and big comfortable robes. It also had a safe. There was a desk with high speed internet connection available. A large TV was also available.The food: The food was fantastic. None of the heavy meals I'm used to in America but I didn't feel hungry. We have breakfast and lunch everyday at the hotel. Great selection of pastries, fresh fruit, cereals and juices. A good selection of cheese was served with each meal. The lunch consisted of a soup, sandwiches or wraps salads, fruit, cheese and desserts. The best tasting food I've had in a long time. The hotel personnel were very helpful and couteous. My room was on the fourth floor and opened out into the food court. It was a little noisy in the evening -- not too much -- added to the atmosphere -- and was quiet by 11 p.m. Didn't really bother me at all.Thanks Hotel Nelligan for making my stay in Montreal a very pleasant one.	
May 3 2005	Wake me when it's spring!	Sleep like a bear at Hotel Nelligan. You will never want to leave this room once you spend a night in this hotel. Some say there is no better sleep than in your own bed. But they haven't slept at Hotel Nelligan. You will be so snug and warm under a down comforter with the softest sheets and blanket I have ever felt in a hotel. I recommend going when there is a chill in the air so you can turn the fireplace on and get under the covers with your loved one. I guarantee you will want to purchase the complete bed for your home. There is no reason to leave this elegant room. The suite is furnished with a desk, Bose CD/Radio and fireplace. It looks and feels like home! The bath has a double jacuzzi with separate shower. So book a massage, order champagne and turn the fireplace on for a romantic weekend. Staying in never felt so good.But if you must venture outside of this stylish hotel you are in a great location. Old world charm surrounds the hotel. You are in walking distance to the Notre-Dame Basilica, Old Port of Montreal and the historical area. And don't forget the shopping! The hotel puts an updated weather card in your room so you will never be caught without your umbrella.When you arrive back at the hotel you are greeted with a complimentary wine and cheese cocktail. Enjoy a dinner at Verses, the hotel restaurant, where even the locals come for great French cuisine. Upon going back to your room you will notice that the blinds have been shut, soft music is playing, the fireplace is on, the lights are dim and a mint is on your pillow. Good Night!	
Apr 17 2005 	Loved The Hotel Nelligan	I recently stayed at the Hotel Nelligan for 5 nights while in Montreal for business. I could not say enough good things about this boutique hotel. As others have commented, the rooms are beautifully furnished - both hip and warm at the same time with exposed brick, dark wood furniture, a big, comfy king sized bed, a luxurious bathroom, and a CD player which seemed to be mysteriously turned on to a lovely classical music station every time i returned to the room. It made staying in this hotel such a treat. The added amenities such as the bottled water, fresh fruit, complimentary buffet breakfast and evening wine and cheese were superb bonuses. For business travelers, there is also a good sized desk, an ergonomic leather desk chair, and free wireless internet access (or pay a small fee for ethernet/dial-up connection). So you can work in privacy and comfort, away from the bustle of downtown Montreal.The service was impeccable with an attentive and kind hotel staff. Whenever i needed assistance for anything including document printing, shuttle service to downtown destinations, and currency exchange, there was someone there to help me with a smile. They also don't charge those annoying little fees for these services, another sign that they take their guests' comfort seriously, and don't consider it just another opportunity to squeeze more money out of you.I'd say the only slight drawback was that my room had windows facing the inner courtyard which meant that sounds from the restaurant and bar occasionally kept me awake on the nights i was trying to turn in earlier. However, if I hadn't been there for work, I simply would have just gone downstairs to join the crowd, because the bar and restaurant were lovely. Luckily it closed at around midnight so it was generally not a problem. Highly recommend this place.	
Apr 2 2005	Great hotel bad room location	We just returned from 4 nites at Hotel Nelligan. Overall, we really liked it. The service was wonderful, the hotel beautiful. (Even the gym is great. It wasn't crowded and they spoil you with towels, water, fruit, etc) The only caveat I have is that obviously location is CRUCIAL because our room was next to an alley way and we were awakened consistently with bottles being either A) put outside loudly or B) being picked up even MORE loudly (and I do mean consistently-- even on Easter morning, the &quot;recycler&quot; was there at 7:30am--..my other warning for non-smokers like myself is that there seemed to be a LOT of cigar/cigarette smokers in the hotel, esp. at breakfast which was unpleasant and very difficult to escape as the breakfast room isn't that big )	
Mar 22 2005	Outstanding	I surprized my wife with a trip to Montreal for her 30th birthday last weekend and the Hotel Nelligan was great. First of all it's a beautiful building with tons of charm. The rooms are spectacular -- large, cozy, exposed brick, fire place, best bed I've slept in. If you can be warm and hip at the same time, this place does it. The bar is lively and the restuarant is also very good. The staff was great... especially Lisa at the front desk. She's the definition of great service. She recommended great restuarants and helped us navigate the city. Francis drives the shuttle and has good ideas about things to do also. The location is good too... It's in Old Montreal .. right on the river - lots of shops, pubs and things to see. It's a short cab ride or a nice twenty minute walk to the main part of town. The only nick is the fitness room. The treadmills are totally shot. But even there they have complimentary bottles of water and fresh fruit. If you're going to Montreal .. . skip the big hotels and stay here. I was considering the Ritz, checked it when we were there and was so glad about our choice.	
Feb 14 2005	Poetry perfect romance	After staying at Hotel Nelligan for one night in March of last year I was certain that the hotel would be the perfect St-Valentine's weekend retreat for me and my girlfriend. My intuition proved correct. Having stayed in numerous Montreal hotels, I can safely state that Hotel Nelligan is the most beautiful and service oriented boutique hotel in the city. We had booked a King Loft Suite which offered the perfect romantic setting for the weekend with it's natural brick exposed walls and fireplace. The room also included an incredible bathroom with a huge glass enclosed shower, separate two person jacuzzi tub and more...absolutely awesome! Outside our room was a view towards the St-Lawrence river and down below the footsteps of horse drawn carriages on the cobblestoned streets of Old Montreal. Only equal to the beauty of the hotel is the quality of the service. The concierge arranged hard to obtain reservations at Au Pied de Cochon on Friday night, an award winning very popular bistro offering regional dishes with an inspired twist and at AIX Cuisine on Saturday, voted one of Canada's top new restaurants located at the Hotel Place D'Armes, owned by the same owners of Hotel Nelligan. Furthermore, wine and cheeses were served in the very fashionable lobby of the hotel every evening, as well as a complimentary deliciously varied breakfast served in the Atrium in the mornings. We were also impressed with the attention to detail from the staff who left a gift and hand written card in our room upon returning from dinner the first evening thanking us for our return stay at the hotel and the hotel manager who arranged for private transportation to downtown shopping when we asked for directions to the city centre. All to say that after our second stay at Hotel Nelligan I can without a doubt say that they help in achieving poetry perfect romance.	
Jan 17 2005	Loved this place...	My wife and I stayed at the Nelligan for a few days over the Christmas holidays and I seriously don't know where to start. This was one of the best getaways of our lives and we have the staff at the Nelligan to thank. Not only were we welcomed with genuine warmth, but every request was met with a smile and incredible efficiency. We are early risers and we have to say that Lisa at the Front Desk was a ray of sunshine every morning, despite the ungodly hour. Her sincere kindness, winning smile and helpfulness will stay with us a long long time. The valets were wonderful as well. The room and decor, although incredibly beautiful, seem secondary because of the great ambience of this hotel. We'll definitely be back!	
Jan 3 2005	Enjoyed our time at the Hotel Nelligan	My boyfriend and I just returned from our trip from Montreal. We were having a difficult time deciding between staying at the Auberge du Vieux Port and the Hotel Nelligan (both in the same hotel group and both in Old Montreal.) We decided on Auberge, but once we arrived in Montreal and checked out both hotels, we thought the Hotel Nelligan was much more our style (more upscale and modern boutique hotel) so we switched hotels. (The Auberge is nice, but much more rustic and not as &quot;warm&quot; feeling). The staff at both hotels were very accomadating and helped us with the switch. Our stay at the Nelligan was wonderful and we hope to visit it again. Our only complaints were that the free continental breakfast wasn't too good - stale croissants (although hard to complain when its free) and the room had a smell of smoke two days in a row. Not consistently, but enough to be annoying for non-smokers. It is supposed to be a non-smoking hotel, but they don't seem to enforce this policy.We highly recommend staying in Old Montreal. It is very quaint and has a feel of &quot;Old Europe&quot;. Nice restaurants, upscale galleries...Downtown Monteal felt more like any other big metropolis. Fun to visit, but not great to stay in.	
Dec 13 2004	Great Boutique Hotel!	My fiance and I just returned to CA from a short trip to Montreal where we stayed at the Hotel Nelligan--this site was a huge help in deciding where to stay. The comments from others who have stayed there were absolutely correct! It is a charming, small hotel in Old Montreal. Each evening they offer complimentary wine and cheese--which were surprisingly good. The hotel staff was very friendly and efficient. THe room itself was great--wonderful bed, high quality sheets, good toiletries, an amazing shower and jacuzzi tub, I could go on and on...We thought it was a great value for the price we paid. The only cons: Old Montreal is very charming, but not near to many of the attractions you may be interested in visiting. Staying in Old Montreal in the winter made it a little bit rough to travel around town in the cold...as Californians, we're pretty wimpy. STAY IN THIS HOTEL! You'll love it, as we did!	
Nov 1 2004	Perfect! The Nelligan nailed it!!	My boyfriend and I just returned from a weekend at Hotel Nelligan in Old Montreal and we cannot say enough good things about the place! Being experienced (and somewhat picky) travellers, we couldn't find anything negative. It was just perfect. Not only is the hotel lovely in all aspects, but the service was top notch - right down to the bell-hop coming up to our room on the day we checked out to get our luggage, putting it in our car and opening the door of the car for me to climb in. Just lovely! I felt like royalty the whole weekend. Cannot wait to return! They really &quot;got it right&quot;.	
Oct 20 2004	We'll be back again	My wife and I just spent four nights at the Nelligan and loved every minute. We had a King Loft suite on Rue St. Paul on the 2nd floor and never had a problem with street noise, etc.The staff were all very helpful and we really enjoyed have the continental breakfast and the nightly wine and cheese.This hotel is close to everything - Old Montreal, Downtown - we even walked to St. Catherine for shopping one day and had no problem at all.Our only (very minor) complaint was that housekeeping did not replace shampoo everyday, but if that's all you've got to complain about life is good.	
Oct 20 2004	Look no further if you're going to Montreal!	Excellent Hotel!! Very elegant, with a unique modern style. We opted for the &quot;Essential Elements&quot; weekday, 2-night package and could not believe the value. Our pristine room was a loft suite...exposed brick, incredible bed, gorgeous bath with glass shower and huge jacuzzi...We had a bottle of champagne, (2) 1/2 hour massages, breakfast in bed (and very yummy!) AND $120 credit towards dinner in their very nice (slightly over-priced) restaurant all for only $660.00 Canadian! Our only regret was not springing for extra massage time! Can't forget the very friendly staff and complimentary shuttles around town! Hotel snobs will not be disappointed...this place knows what they're doing.	
Sep 28 2004	Great hotel!	My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Nelligan from 09/23 to 09/27/2004 and we had a great time. The hotel is very nice. I really enjoyed having the continental breakfast and wine and cheese while sitting in the open air window. We stayed in a king loft suite and it was decorated very tastefully and was very comfortable. The staff were all very helpful. The hotel is on Saint Paul Street but it is a few blocks off of the main tourist part so it is very quiet and relaxing. I would definitely recommend it!	
Aug 20 2004	Terrific hotel	We spent three nights last week at the Hotel Nelligan with our two sons (ages 11 and 8) and wholeheartedly recommend this hotel. The room was large and comfortable, with a pull-out sofa and a nifty jacuzzi. The atmosphere was cosmopolitan, friendly and lively, and the staff was very helpful. Breakfast was also terrific. While we found Montreal to be a little bit staid overall, this neighborhood is architecturally distinguished and easily accessible to historic sites, shopping and lovely parks. We'd definitely go again.	
Aug 10 2004	Je t'aime Nelligan	Hotel Nelligan was superb! The room was a perfect &quot;Soho Loft&quot;, the restaurant was top caliber and the staff was graciously accommodating to our every whim. Slightly past the oh-so touristy &quot;Times Squarish&quot; Vieux Montreal area and nestled in with other boutique hotels and galleries, Hotel Nelligan satisfied our discriminating tastes effortlessly. If you like the Olive Garden and will be shopping for &quot;Montreal&quot; t-shirts, this place might not suit you. We loved our stay and will book for same time next year!	
Jul 13 2004	Save your money opt out of the vieux	Save your money. The hotel is very cute and romantic, but far from rue st. catherine and the main shopping attractions. Also, I had a room that was to be no-smoking, but obviously someone had been smoking, and the room smelled of smoke the entire night. Also, I found the room to have a smell (I have allergies anyway). Beware of reserving, your room, if you change your mind after one night, they will charge you for the next day, as well.However, the coffee was great. If you are going for the festivals, I would not stay here though, cause you will be too far removed from the main areas, and the walk to rue st-catherine is more like 25 minutes, and not safe at night.	
Jul 10 2004	Save your $$$$$$		
Jun 20 2004	Thumbs Up!		
Nov 10 2003	romantic *****star		
Nov 6 2003	A hotel only Americans could love		
Oct 23 2003	Ahh the Nelligan		
Oct 14 2003	elegant understated Hotel Nelligan		
Sep 7 2003	We lucked out. We needed a hotel on short notice...		
Aug 13 2003	A Great Hotel		
Jul 2 2003	Hotel Nelligan - boutique hotel in perfect location		
Jan 8 2003	Enjoyed Hotel Nelligan		
Sep 4 2009 	fabuleux		
Aug 21 2009 	Superbe hôtel..sauf un petit accrochage		
Jun 18 2009 	Chaleureux		
May 19 2009 	?????????????		
May 9 2009 	Bonne surprise		
Sep 1 2008 	genial el nelligan		
Apr 10 2008 	Excellent séjour à l'hotel mais gaché au check out		
Sep 17 2007 	Séjour d'une journée		
