Nov 8 2009 	Great Location View Service	The hotel itself is elegant. First class lobby that looked really nice. The bar was not quite right (bad drinks, service, nobody there). The indoor / outdoor pool they have is great for lounging. The rooms were very spacious. Lots of room to spread out. The beds were only OK for a room this big and nice. The views of the city and surrounding area were just awesome. The service was great, we ordered room service twice and it was fast and good both times.	
Nov 4 2009 	Great Location!	This hotel was located in the heart of downtown Montreal only a few blocks from Eaton Centre and Crescent Street. Close to everything, including the metro. Hotel staff is great. Ramzi Ben Mansour, head of the loyalty program, does an excellent job accommodating guests. The concierge had several maps of downtown Montreal along with menus of the restaurants in the area. Overall, I was very pleased with my stay at the Omni, and I would definitely stay here when in Montreal again.Traveler's tip on getting the most out of your stay: Make sure you sign up for the Omni Select-Guest loyalty program at the Omni website prior to checking in. You’ll get free wireless internet access and complimentary drinks for breakfast delivered every morning to your room.	
Nov 4 2009 	Location Location Location. Omni standards do not go past the lobby.	The location was convenient to shooping, restaurants and a short climb to Mont Royal's summit (a must see). Staff at Omni Mont Royal were gracious and helpful. Valet parking was reasonable and convenient. The currency exchange was pricey--better off going to a bank. Lobby and small bar/restaurant were attractive and well-maintained. But be prepared to pay more taxes than you thought possible on drinks at the bar--causing an $8 beer cost about $12. Website advertised two in-house restaurants--but we never found a second. This was a former Four Seasons Hotel, but you will be underwhelmed if you are expecting grandeur.Guestrooms were shabby and rather dusty for $160/night (which was the advertised rate) thankfully we didn't pay that much. Even the bathroom was dusty. Room was an average size. Carpet was old and buckling, making it a tripping hazard. No flat screen TV's here. Pillows were the best part of the room. Gym and pool area were dated but comfortable and adequate. No high tech equipment but you could get a full workout using free weights and Universal Machine. Treadmills were old but why use a treadmill when you can run on the mountain trails up the road?! Hotel has a small spa that we did not use. The hotel has a small boutique with great evening wear if you are shopping for an occassion--but there are hundreds of other stores in the neighborhood--street level and underground.	
Nov 3 2009 	Great Location - Needs a renovation	I booked this on priceline. Was a little worried when I saw the photos. All in all not a bad hotel. Room was large though extremely dated ( Floral curatins, CRT TV , asbestos ceiling - all very 80s). I also experienced a lot of noise from the street. Location is unbeatable to main city centre and shops. For the price I paid it was OK - but I would not pay the direct online price. Solid 3.5 star for me.	
Nov 3 2009 	OMNI Mont-Royal - Amazing!	Just returned from my business trip (with my wife also) and found the OMNI Mont-Royal to be an amazing hotel - We will be returning again and again. (check my other reviews I am not easy to impress) From the location, the Staff who greeted us, the Room and the Dinning everything was perfect! This is the level of perfection which all other hotels should attempt to reach. If you are going to Montreal you have to stay here!	
Oct 24 2009 	Central bit dated but exceptionally clean	We stayed here for three nights. The room was large and comfortable. The decor was dated -floral, swagged curtains and valances - but it looked literally brand new because it was so exceptionally clean and well cared for, as was the bathroom.The hotel is very central in Montreal. In one way for us this was a bad thing because it is a fair walk (but certainly walkable) to get to either the old town or the plateau, which were the places we liked the best. It is only a short taxi ride, though. Also, it is convenient for the shops, business district, and the park and university.The pool is outdoors and was well heated and usable in October. I think they may close it in winter so if you want to swim you should check.Overall we liked the hotel and would recommend it.	
Oct 15 2009 	Well priced renovation will make it 5 stars	The Omni Mont-Royal was a nice hotel priced properly in recognition for its need of an update to make it a real luxury hotel. As usual, this hotel had the extremely comfortable Omni bedding, and the room was a nice-large size. The furnishing, wallpaper, bathrooms, and general decor is dated, but according to management the hotel will be undergoing a renovation/update soon. After this occurs I have no doubt it will be a true luxury hotel, of course they'll be able to charge more as well.Check-in desk was very friendly upon arrival, but concierge service was lacking, to say the least. When we asked for recommendations of places to eat the concierge simply gave us a print out of restaurants in the area, that's all. I think that travelers expect, especially from a self-proclaimed luxury hotel, a little higher quality of service and help from the concierge when providing suggestions to out of town guest. Any person that can do a 15 sec. Internet search could have gotten that list. IMO it is the job of the concierge to give actual recommendations of places in the area that are good, not simply hand the guest a piece of paper w/ names. Having said all that, the concierge was the only blemish on an otherwise great stay at another nice Omni property that is only going to get better.The hotel is centrally located, near Mont-Royal, the museums, McGill university and a 5 min. walk to the old city/port area. Good location.	
Oct 14 2009 	Spacious room and the perfect location	Our room was a huge suite, more than we needed, but after reading some reviews about the suites being made over first, we decided to play it safe - with it being our 10th anniversary trip - and the cost uptick being reasonable. On the plus side: The location was stellar. We could walk to eat at many places easily, walk to the &quot;nightclub&quot; strip, but not hear it in our room. The shopping was right around the corner, and so was a hike up Mount Royal. The walk to Old Town is also very do-able. The room was nicely decorated, in a more traditional, older style. Not &quot;sexy,&quot; but nice. The beds and bed linens were wonderful and seemed new. Our double bathrooms were a nice surprise and quite large. A window that opened in the main room was nice. The closets were huge. Overall our stay was very comfortable and it is nice to know that we could go back to that room with another couple, or our children, and still have complete privacy and lots of space. On the negative: We were surprised not to find a fridge in the room, especially considering that it was a suite. We had Internet connectivity problems which created a lot of stress as we needed to tap into our email and mail our Cirque tix to the concierge to print. We were sent through a lot of loops to get help and the technology group we worked with couldn't see any problems with the signal. We wasted a couple hours with that. Then, the next morning, &quot;waa-laa: the signal was back and we got right online.&quot; It remained a mystery. Overall, a great place to stay.	
Oct 13 2009 	we were spoiled by Omni Hotel 	My husband and I just returned from 12 days in Quebec area, and last 4 days in Montreal for a local wedding reception being held for us after our summer wedding in California. When we told the Omni we were attending our wedding reception, they registered us in their loyalty program, upgraded our room to a two room suite with a lovely view of the mountain and city!, and we felt pampered and spoiled the entire visit. Ramzi is their loyalty program director, and he was a prince. The night of our wedding reception my husband had tried to use the nearby parking lot and got lost coming back to the hotel to pick me up, and when Ramzi saw me waiting there, he refused to leave although he was already off duty, until my husband returned eventually and we were off to our reception. I also had medical items that needed refrigeration, and Ramzi got us a fridge for our suite, which helped me enormously. I have dietary needs and one day asked room service if they could toast my own wheat-free bread, which they did cheerfully and delivered to my room in a little basket. The service was perfect from everyone in the hotel, and we found ourselves online looking up where there were other Omni hotels in cities where we travel. I will be back in Montreal at least 2 or 3 times in the coming year, and hope to be able to stay at the Omni again. My only consideration is that we booked through a discount booking site online; I wish the Omni could match the discount booking sites so we could book directly with the hotel. We used hotwire which doesn't show the hotel name until after booking, but perhaps we'll try Priceline as another reviewer mentioned. Thanks Ramzi and Omni for a memorable extended honeymoon stay in Montreal.	
Oct 8 2009 	A solid performance from a good city hotel - raves for Omni loyalty program	My impression of the hotel was driven by the amazing perks granted us by the Omni loyalty program. far from being frequent guests at this small chain, we signed up on line just days before our scheduled stay. The stay was for a friend's wedding and we were given a fair rate of about CAD159, I think. Check in was a breeze with no paperwork as we were &quot;preregistered&quot; as members of the program. Bell men and valet were friendly and efficient. The room was very spacious - I believe we had a King Dlx or something - on a high floor with views up to Mont Royale. There was a desk and table and sofa. Closet space was very good. Plenty of hangers. No mini bar - just a non-functioning refrigerator (used to be the minibar, I was told by the bellman). When informed I needed to keep some medications cold, he quickly ran for ice. It turned out that this was a big help as I would later find that the ice machines on my floor and the next THREE down were out of service. Bed is very comfortable with good sheets. The frequent guest perks continued with the daily pressing of one item of clothing (though there was an inroom iron, if needed). A complimentary bottle of Evian was also provided. And coupons for the delivery of free &quot;Morning beverages&quot; of choice and the offer of adding pastries/toast for a nominal charge. They brought a large pot of coffee and 2 large glasses of OJ and ice water each morning at exactly the time requested. membership also offered free WiFi in the room. The bathroom is fine - though a little dark and the ceiling is rather low, as I recall. I did my makeup in the bedroom area, as a result. The safe operates with a key rather than passcode, which is a little outdated, but fine). I think that a tighter security system would make me feel better about staying here alone in the future. Late one night a very shady character approached as we returned from a late dinner and then proceeded into the hotel, ahead of us, and wandered around the lobby before he spied the elevators and decided to go up. I am certain he was not a guest or even a guest of a guest- but there was no one in the valet area or front desk to report him to or to question him. A bit disconcerting. We had a drink in the bar on our way out on Friday night. I didn't think that the barstaff had the usual sense of spirit one might expect at a big city hotel watering hole. They were a little slow and disinterested. Overall, however, staff was uniformly courteous and housekeepers were friendly and cautious (no propped open doors, etc.). The pool area is quite nice and well protected from the breeze and the indoor/outdoor hot tub area was amusing. Amerispa (separate management) is the spa located in the lower level of the hotel. I had 3 different treatments here and all were good - though at the end of my facial, she tried to sell me more than $600 worth of creams with dire admonitions about the aging process - never a nice way to end a relaxing 3-hours. And that's all. Check out was easy. The location is fantastic - and there is an entrance to the underground city from directly under the hotel - which would be great for a winter weather trip. We would definitely consider staying next time we are in town and preferred it to the Sheraton, where we stayed a few years ago.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great location large rooms could use a rejuvenation.	We stayed at the Omni for 4 nights. This hotel's greatest quality is it's location- plenty of excellent restaurants, shopping, and museums within walking distance. Try Chandelier for pizza- gorgeous inside and 2 for 1 gourmet pizzas while we were there. We stopped by a couple times! Easy walk to St. Catherine shopping. The hotel itself is not necessarily of the quality we've come to expect from domestic Omnis. The lobby is small, although welcoming. The rooms show their age, but are larger than you would expect. With a little facelift, this could be a great hotel. The service we'd received at other Omni locations was also lacking here. Usually the staff is falling over each other to make every attempt to make your stay enjoyable, well above average. The service at Mt. Royal was average, typical hotel quality. As an example, as part of their loyalty program, we received coupons for free pressings, but their pressing machine was out of order all 4 days of our visit. No attempt was made to find us an alternative. Overall, the location was excellent for a pedestrian, and if I were planning the same trip, I'd probably go back.	
Oct 8 2009 	Not a Five Star!	I was very dissapointed with the Omni Mont Royal. I booked this hotel for a weekend getaway with a few of my friends (some of which stayed at other hotels nearly - which were cheaper and much more comfortable) and was very dissapointed when i got to the front counter and was advised we were given a room with 2 twin beds. I had booked 2 double beds (they said i had booked for 1 person only ) and was advised that due to many hotel guests changing their bookings last minute that all they had left were either 2 twin beds or 1 king bed. Even though we each got our own bed, i was definitely not impressed that a five star would even offer twin beds?! The comfort level of sleeping in a twin bed is nowhere near that of a double or even queen. I had read some of the reviews before i had gone and have to agree that the Omni needs a major facelift. The staff at the counter was very friendly as was the bellhop and valet. We had a great view of Montreal but that was about it. i would not recommend this hotel until they renovate it.	
Sep 19 2009 	Good Value - well located	We stayed here for 2 days. The young girl who checked us in was very pleasant - though we have to say other receptionists were quite dismissive when we asked for change.Girl on conciege desk was very helpful as was the young man - though others were not and allowed people to skip ahead of me in the queue. One of the bellhops was topnotch in giving advice and even came into the lobby to help.The room was on the 24th floor and had great views over the city, it was clean and pleasant - I was a bit worried about other reviews of shabby rooms - but ours was nice if a little outdated . Linen could do with replacing though. The staff forgot to replace feather pillowa, but this was done quite promptly.The car parking was not great, with queues waiting to drop off luggage, you can park your own car without having to pay valet costs. Though we felt that some of the valet staff were keen to fetch our car and not too happy when we declined.Overall I would recommend the Omni for location and general good standard.	
Sep 12 2009 	Pleasant Hotel in a Great Location with some Minor Flaws	I booked my ticket on Priceline for around $100/night which, for the location, is pretty good. The hotel staff were very friendly and courteous, though the entrance is a bit hectic and chaotic. There is a parking garage on the adjacent block which was a trick to find, but since Montreal has a good transit system we were able to leave the car there the entire weekend. The room was a bit aged but clean for the most part. It did smell a bit of smoke, so next time I will definitely ask for a non-smoking room. On the back of the bathroom door we found the previous guest's shorts and panties on the hook - apparently they had forgotten them and housekeeping missed them. The room and bathroom were clean though and that was the only flaw I could find. We were on the 29th floor and the view was wonderful. The bed was comfortable, the room decently sized, and the bathroom was quite nice overall. Plenty of hot water and water pressure. The location is only two blocks from the bustling St. Catherine Street.. and only one block from the nearest Metro station. It's also close to the Parc Mont Royal which offers spectacular views of Montreal and plenty of walking and hiking trails. It is also close to McGill University. For these reasons, I don't think you can get much better in terms of location. I did not try the restaurant or the bar in the hotel. I did use the gym, and it was actually quite large compared to other hotel gyms I've used. It had plenty of free weights, machines, and towels - I was very pleased. The pool was very nice and clean too, and neither were very busy when I used them. The gym was actually empty on one occasion.There was also free high-speed internet. Overall, I did enjoy my stay in the hotel. Despite some flaws, I would stay here again, as the price was reasonable and the service friendly. I would recommend this hotel to others, though I would definitely not pay more than what I paid for on Priceline.	
Sep 12 2009 	What a surprisingly delightful stay!	My wife and I just left the Omni Hotel in Montreal and were very sorry to have to leave. To say we were treated like we were family is an understatement. We were treated so well it was a shock! From the registration personal to the service employees we had a stellar experience. The staff knew the city well and gave us excellent advice both on directions to the sights and to incredible restaurants. The location of the hotel was central to all of the places we wanted to see and the metro was just a block away. We are travelers. We have been in many places all over the world. The Omni ranks at the top of our experiences. Thank you for such a pleasent time in your city!	
Sep 8 2009 	Good hotel in downtown Montreal	We stayed on the 4th floor adjacent the elevator, which proved quite noisy throughout the night as people returned to their rooms.The room was of a decent size with good wardrobe/storage space, although would benefit from &quot;refreshing the decor&quot;. The hotels public areas seemed quite small but the service of the staff was excellent.Free internet service was good but valet parking $26.95 +tax and in-room water at $7 +tax were expensive. The hotel had a reasonably equipped gym, a hot tub and outside pool with sun loungers.	
Aug 23 2009 	Lovely time at the Omni	This review is a from a trip to Montreal my husband and I took in 2006, when we lived in Toronto (we now live in Montreal).We had found a great deal for Montreal's Omni Hotel on Expedia - under 100$ - and one of my biggest concern was getting a run down room or lesser service because of it, as is sometimes the case when booking online with these types of web sites. Not at all! Upon our arrival the valet was courteous and friendly, immediately assisting us with our luggage, and waited for us as we checked-in. The young lady who checked us in was nothing more than gracious, and she even commented with a smile that we were appointed a beautiful room, with a great view of the city. She was right! The valet chatted us to our room, asking us where we were from, and being very generous by telling us to not hesitate to call him if we ever needed anything. He actually wrote down his name and his extension on a piece of paper! The room was just perfect and exactly what we needed.We stayed for two nights, room was perfectly cleaned on the 2nd day when we came back, and our check out went smoothly, although the staff was not as nice or friendly as the young lady who had welcomed us. In fact, I found the young man who checked us out to be rather cold (the type who machinely asks &quot;so how was your stay&quot; while looking at this screen and who doesn't really listen to your answer) but the rest of our stay was so wonderful that we didn't pay attention to this detail. Parking is very pricey, but that is to be expected, however I will add that the parking service was efficient and fast.We loved our stay and will most certainly try the Omni again, in Montreal or elsewhere.	
Aug 21 2009 	Wonderful hotel and decent rooms	My wife and I booked this hotel through priceline and were extremely happy with the rate we received. We were prepared for sub-par service as priceline customers but were met with incredible service over the phone and at check-in. As per some of the other reviews the rooms can use some updating but were still large and sufficient. With regards to Wifi as long as you sign up ahead of time as a Select Guest Member (you will start at Silver level) you can use your select guest member number to get on to the free wifi regardless of floor you are on. We were not charged for using wifi at the end of our stay. Overall the hotel and staff were excellent and we will definitely be recommending this hotel to our friends!	
Aug 18 2009 	Great Service will truly be 4 star once the rooms are updated	My daughter and I stayed at this property for 5 days. We got an amazing rate for the stay. I read the reviews in advance and expected the need for updates in the rooms. The service was fantastic. From the moment we arrived we were well taken care of. Bernard at the valet is simply adorable. A great asset! Our bags were removed from the car without asking and they just appeared next to us upon check in. We used the concierge several times and each time they were helpful. The location is fantastic. If you are into fitness they have great facilities with plenty of equipment and you can walk up the hill to Mount Royal and get a great workout on the stairs there! There is plenty of shopping near by. The Art Museum is right down the road (and free!). Easy metro to Old Montreal where we spent a great deal of time. Yes the rooms need to be updated. But it was not gross in any way ( and I have standards). The lobby and common space was great. I don't know if it was just a slow period, but it was also very quiet. Which was fantastic! If you are a spa regular, I don't recommend the Amerispa. I was disappointed with their facilities and the girl who gave me my facial had obviously just eaten onions (eww) She also was the same person to do my pedicure. Not a good sign. She was adorable. But not good at her job.Stay here while you can. Once they renovate the prices will go back up to 4 star rates.	
Aug 17 2009 	Brilliant Stay	Stayed here as part of my 23 day tour of New England and Canada. Everything about this hotel, apart from the cost of a bottle of water, was brilliant!Super staff, breakfast and location. This was my first stay in an Omni hotel and i will certainly be using other hotels in this group.	
Aug 17 2009 	Decent hotel in downtown Montreal	My husband and I just spent a night here recently. It was a decent room, but nothing special. My husband and I have some nice memories of this hotel because we stayed here on our mini-honeymoon in 2004, and we got a free upgrade to a junior suite, which was lovely (the manager even sent complimentary chocolate-covered strawberries!).This time, our room was pretty basic, fairly small, and had a lovely stain on the carpet (ew). The only bonus was that we stayed on a lower floor and were able to connect to the free lobby wifi. We parked our car in a nearby lot for 24 hrs for $16 (in/out parking is something like $24). The hotel itself is somewhat dated, but if you don’t mind that, it’s in a convenient location. Downtown is pretty dead, so you have to take a cab/metro/walk to get to anything.I think we paid about $90 for one night on Priceline. I wouldn’t stay here again for that price, especially considering we got the Intercontinental for $10 less, which is a nicer hotel.Oh – and this is a silly thing, but I love the smell of the hotel lotion (from the Swiss Institute). :)Cons:- Older furniture and rooms (not shabby but definitely looking a bit older)- Stain in our carpetPros:- Good location- Free wifi (but guessing you need to stay on a lower floor to hook into lobby wifi)	
Jul 25 2009 	Unbelievable Value	The Omni is really a wonderful place given the cost. Room and bathroom are large and comfortable and staff is friendly. It's also in a great location.	
Jul 23 2009 	Nice but not four stars.	I booked this hotel on hotwire, where it is listed as a four star hotel. Others have commented that the hotel has not been renovated, by all appearances, since the 1980s. The hotel is still a reasonably good value at the $125 cdn we wound up paying, as the location is good. The problem is that this hotel, until it is renovated, cannot be seriously categorized as a 4 star hotel. It is far too worn out for that designation. It bothers me that the hotel management appears to concede as much in its replies to other reviews on this site, saying in effect 'thanks for being patient while we await renovations'. The more honest approach, on sites like hotwire and priceline, would be to downgrade their rating to 3.5 stars-- rather than exaggerating their quality, squeaking into the 4 star category, and thanking everyone for their patience at being slightly misled. If I booked this hotel thinking I would treat my partner to a luxurious weekend at an elegant hotel, I'd be disappointed on arrival. That said, it provides acceptable lodging at a good location at a reasonable price.	
Jul 22 2009 	Magnificent	Charming, elegant - and a great value. (Plus, you simply can't beat this location anywhere.) The lobby is sophisticated and tasteful, but it's not a 'cold' hotel. The staff throughout our three-night stay (Saturday to Tuesday) was gracious, warm and helpful. Housekeeping was 5* ... far more unobtrustive than I've found at Sheratons, Hyatts or Marriotts. You wouldn't know the Omni had a housekeeping staff; no knocking on doors down the hallway, no rumbling carts, etc. But they're flawlessly efficient; the service on our room was outstanding. The room itself as across from an icemaker and not far from the elevators - but we had no noise or interruption from there at all. The 12 floor view was fine, and I imagine the upper floors are outstanding.  The hotel could use a fourth elevator, but as problems go that one is very mild. Overall, the health club, pool, sauna and hot tub are 4* or even better. Just a lovely property.	
Jul 20 2009 	Yes I would stay here again.	A friend and I just finished 6 nights in Montreal at the Royal Omni. The staff was great. Thumbs up to Giovanni, he was able to score a couple of Cirque de Sole tickets at the last minute for us and was always precise and helpful. The location was great. We were located centrally enough to walk to old Montreal, The Village, St. Catherine shopping and many places to eat. The rooms were clean. They were a bit dated, but very clean. Yes I would stay here again.	
Jul 12 2009 	Good price at a good location	We stayed at the Omni for 4 nights in July. We got it at a price of $80 US on Priceline. Overall it was a good value for that price. The room looked a little outdated, it even had a phone in the bathroom! Our room overlooked the pool and was in an odd L-shape so the TV wasn't visible from the bed. The bed wasn't the most comfortable ever, but it wasn't horrible either. But the room was clean, and the bathroom even had a bidet. I didn't see the exercise area so cannot comment on that. You can get free wireless in your room if you sign up for the Omni loyalty program. Overall I would say the Omni didn't look as flashy as maybe some other 4 star hotels, but it was fine for the price. Location was great.	
Jul 11 2009 	Very nice stay	My husband and I stayed a few days at this hotel during our trip to Montreal the last week of May. We booked an executive suite with two bathrooms and it surpassed our expectations. The room was clean and very organized. The locations is excellent, very close to a metro station, dining, shopping and McGill University. The front desk staff was very efficient and I am very happy with their service. The best thing was that after I left the hotel I noticed that I left a necklace in the room (this necklace has great sentimental value). We couldn't come back since we were almost approaching USA, so I called immediately and after 15 or 20 minutes they called me back asking for my address and they sent it for free!!!!	
Jul 9 2009 	Good value	We booked the omni via priceline and paid 83 USD for one night, we were treated well as priceline customers. Front desk was polite and check in was quick, Our room was ready early and we found it to be very clean. The decor as previously noted is outdated, but nice, the phone in our washroom was virtually an antique, it reminded me of the one I had in my house as a kid. The gym and locker room area were in bad repair, the steam room in particular. I'm not sure why management would not maintain this public area of the hotel, must be an ownership direction? Overall we had a positive experience at the Omni and I would reccomend it at priceline prices as good value and a comfortable stay.	
Jul 7 2009 	Better Value than Other Large Sherbooke Hotels	At USD $110 per night (hotwire), my three night July 4 weekend stay in Room 810 of the Omni Montreal was above-average. Overall, our stay was pleasant and the hotel clientele was mostly middle class Americans and the out of province crowd. The hotel was much nicer than the Delta or Holiday Inn. I would recommend the place, especially if obtained at a price of less than USD $100.  Room The room was mid-sized and included a King-sized bed and a television dating from the 90's. Standard cable package. Bathroom was clean and plenty of towels (3 large, 2 small, and two washcloths). Bathrobes were included for use during our stay. We had a view of Sherbrooke St. and some of the McGill campus.   Location The hotel is centrally located (on Peel &amp; Sherbrooke streets) and is opposite the Peel Metro station and McGill University campus. Shopping begins on St. Catherine and food and entertainment venues can be found two blocks west on Bishop and Crescent streets.   Gym &amp; Pool The gym was pretty extensive for a hotel gym. It is open 24 hours. Three modern treadmills and a host of older equipment. Lots of free weights and weight machines. The pool is open 12 hours a day and outdoors but has a connection to an indoor hot tub. The hot tub fits six comfortably.   Parking Parking is complicated. The hotel wants $26 for valet parking. Nearby garages want about $15-20. There are metered parking available on Sherbrooke (and more realistically, on the up-hill streets like Peel St. running perpendicular to Sherbrooke). The meter costs $6 for 2 hours; however, you can add more time using any meter-station, including the one right in front of your hotel. So, all you have to do is not forget about the car every two hours. We preferred meter parking because we could come and go the hotel area as we pleased.	
Jun 30 2009 	Good location but nothing extraordinary	The Omni Hotel is in a really good location, right on Peel Street about two blocks from Rue St. Catherine and around the same for Rue Crescent, the two busiest streets in terms of restaurants, shopping, and bars. If you are a Bank of America member, there is a ScotiaBank right next door which allows you to take out money without any fees, as they are a sister bank of BofA. The rooms were good size, and at night there was a very nice view. The lobby was very clean and well kept, and it looked very elegant. The gym was pretty decent for a hotel, and the pool actually connected inside and outside, which looked very cool.That being said, there were a handful of negatives. I was traveling with a good sized group of guys for a bachelor party. On one afternoon, we split into two groups, and I went down to talk to the conceriege to ask for recommendations on where to go. The only place she could think of was go-carting twenty five minutes away. That's it. This being my first trip to Montreal I was able to come up with more options simply off the top of my head. When I called down to follow up later, I was first put on hold for ten minutes. So the conceriege was lacking somewhat, although the doorman seemed to know a good deal. Also, upon getting back to one of our rooms one night, we found five very large spiders on the ceiling, next to what appeared to be two nests. Not exactly what you want to find when you're about to go to sleep.The parking situation is very good for a downtown hotel, but be warned: If you book two beds in a room, the beds are not the larger size we are used to in the States, but small closer to full size beds that are more common in Canadian hotel rooms.	
Jun 29 2009	Excellent Service Great Location	The location of the hotel was great, very close to shopping and great restuarants. The rooms were a little tired but the service was impeccable. The concierge had excellent restaurant recommendations and the entire staff was helpful and courteous. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Jun 25 2009 	This is a 3 star hotel at best	I read all the great reviews, which is why I ended up at this hotel. I am starting to wonder if the people that had such wonderful experiences stayed at this same hotel! I have to agree with several of the not so positive reviews. This hotel is &quot;tired&quot;, rooms are in need of a major reno. Beds are comfortable and bathrooms are very clean and modern looking (about the only thing that look like they were recently renovated). Parking is expensive and there is not much choice (26.50 valet parking as many times as needed per day or 16.50/day for one time self park which is insane). Location is great, customer service is good. Room size is OK, not so large. My first room smelled and the carpet was all wavy and stained. When I asked if they had any rooms that were recently renovated, the guy behind the desk confirmed that all the rooms were similar. My replacement room was marginally better (no wavy carpet). Lying in bed. looking at the old curtains and smelling the musty old firnishings and carpet, I certainly did not feel like I was in a 4 star hotel. You are much better off at a newer 3 star hotel. I doubt I will stay here again. Lots of hotels in the area in this price range.	
Jun 24 2009 	Great spot nice hotel and not so informed concierge!	The hotel was a great find! As with some other people who reviewed the hotel, I got 2 rooms through priceline for my partner and my parents. Also signed up for the Select benefits and that was well worth it. Unfortunately, I developed an acute medical condition while at the hotel and the staff were very quick to get a doctor to my side to tend to it at 1am. On the flip side, the one thing that marred my stay at the hotel was the concierge. She was pretty good with most questions but on two occasions, she failed simple questions. 1. She informed us that it would be cheaper for the 4 of us to get a 10-ride card on the metro as we could share the card. WRONG. The card is per person and it costs $3.50 for the card and you top it up after that. Useless for a weekend trip.2. I asked about parking at Jean Talon Marche. She said that it may be difficult to park as there was only street parking and that there was no lot. So the 4 of us took a subway there (very easy) but after purchasing tons of stuff, had to try to take a taxi to haul the items back. Would have been better if we could have driven there....why? Because there is a very BIG PARKING LOT attached to the market where parking was $1.50 for 90 mins. Instead, we had to call a taxi after waiting for 30 mins and pay $15. Last thing I needed as I was recovering from my medication condition. (Trying to make the most of my weekend in Montreal) Pros:- great location, close to metro station and easily walkable to museums, etc.- comfortable roomsCons: - outdated furniture and furnishings- very expensive valet parking ($26)- uninformed concierge	
Jun 18 2009 	Omni is a great place to stay on Sherbrooke	Across the street from the Sofitel, but with rooms costing half the price, the Omni will now be my first pick for a 4 star in Montreal if I don't want to pay Sofitel prices. I stayed at the Omni for 2 nights after bidding for a 4 star through Priceline- my bid of $85 USD resulted in the Omni.Large rooms, great bathrooms (including a bidet), nice lobby, friendly staff. Convenient location downtown. Great view.Only downside for some people- the decor and furniture is a little dated/ sometimes a little worn around the edges. Everything is in good repair- I found the Omni had more character than many more &quot;contemporary&quot; hotels. I'd choose dated with character over a cookie cutter chain hotel any day;)Close walk to the Cours Mont Royal shopping centre, Holts and Ogilvy!Hope to try the Amerispa downstairs next time I stay.	
Jun 17 2009 	It's the little things that count!	Pros:-customer service-big big room-location-select guest program = customize your stay, free wireless internet, complimentary beveragesCons:-parking is very expensive (approx $18 cdn per night, self park. even more for valet!)-rooms are outdated: furniture/carpet is old; doors and drawers/cabinets make creaking noises-the refrigerator doesnt have its own cooling system. it functions more like a cooler, where you have to use ice to keep things coolI thoroughly enjoyed my stay at Omni. The service and the little things they do to make your stay more pleasant are what I enjoyed the most!I booked through Priceline (and no, I didn't feel I was treated any differently) and signed up for the Select Guest program. All the amenities I requested (such as feather pillows and corner room) were all ready for me. I only had a couple of minutes to explore my room before a room attendant came to bring me my complimentary water (a tall glass bottle of Evian!) alongside a handwritten note welcoming me to the hotel. This was a great touch. We also got complimentary beverages, such as iced tea or tomato juice.Once this hotel undergoes renovations to make their rooms more modern, I will definitely be revisiting!	
Jun 17 2009 	Awesome Blossom	Awesome blossom for the price and cosy ness for the rooms. The hotel is clean unlines most of the downtown hotel where you get the foul smell of the carpets. It is right in the center of the city for you to haul anywhere I would recommend it to business and leisure travellers.	
Jun 8 2009 	Very Nice hotel in great location	We stayed at the Onmi Mont Royal for 2 nights in early June and were happy with our decision to stay there. Likes: We booked thru Priceline and did not feel as though we were second class guests beause of that. They did everything they could to meet our requests and when they could not, they found more than acceptable alternatives. Concierge was patient and very helpful as were the bellhops, doormen and valet. The hotel is 2 blocks from St. Catherine St. and 4 blocks from Rue Cresent. The location was perfect. Rooms were spacious and clean.Dislikes: There is no parking garage, only valet which you do have to pay for. There is no indoor pool and the outdoor pool closes at 7pm, too early in my opinion and we were not able to take advantage of it. The restaturant is outrageuosly expensive if you are not on some voucher program. Although I guess it's no surprise to find an expensive hotel restaurant. No jacuzzi tub in the rooms.	
May 31 2009 	Wish I could I have stayed longer	My husband and I just returned from a one week stay at the Omni. We were so impressed with our stay that we felt compelled to write a review the very day we returned.Our wonderful experience at the Omni started before we even left for Montreal. We received a message from the concierge asking if there was anything they could do for us before we left for our vacation. Anne Marie at the concierge desk was great --she answered our questions, did some research for us and booked us a rental car for a day trip to Quebec City. We arrived in Montreal at 8:30 am and went to the hotel thinking that we would leave our luggage and roam around town. I guess when the front desk saw I was 8 months pregnant they found us an open room to accomodate us even though check in wasnt for 6 hours. It was unexpected and very appreciated.Our room was spacious. Everything looked new and was exceptionally clean. When I read through some of the negative reviews on this website upon our return, I felt as if I stayed in a different hotel!!!! The bed was comfortable, almost too comfortable. I also joined the Select Member program when we booked the stay so we were provided with complimentary beverages every morning (which arrived promptly at the time we requested them). The only negatives I will note for our room is lack of drawer space for our clothes and perhaps the need for more than just basic cable tv service.I also went for a massage at the spa located in the hotel and the experience was lovely, I would highly recommend it.The pool was open when we were there, but the weather was a bit nasty for most of our stay. Although the hotel advertises the pool as heated, I felt it was still cold.Overall, an exceptional stay at a well run hotel.	
May 17 2009 	Very Pleased 	We are currently staying at Hotel Omni Mont-Royal and have absolutely no complaints so far. In fact, I felt compelled to write the review before actually leaving because of how pleased we are with our stay!The room was booked through Priceline and really got a great deal on the price. I have stayed in a number of places now using Priceline and would sometimes get an attitude about it while checking in. But not at Hotel Omni Mont-Royal! We experienced a torrential downpour all yesterday and we arrived a few hours before check-in totally soaking wet. The very friendly and courteous front desk woman (I wish I can remember her name!) greeted us with a smile and quickly let us know that our room was ready. We were given our keys and in our rooms within 5 mins! We received our requested room (King bed, non-smoking). The room is spacious, as is the bathroom. The closet contains a very small safe (not big enough for a 13&quot; laptop) and I was pleased to find two convenient bathrobes (a big bonus for me as I think all hotels of a certain star rating should at least offer bathrobes with the room). I do think that the placement of the TV in the cabinet is awkward in the room, but apart from that, there's absolutely no complaints about the room.Our room looks onto rue Sherbrooke with a nice view of the hills. I am especially pleased that I was offered free wifi by simply joining the Omni's frequent visitor's program (otherwise it is $9.95/per noon to noon). I have paid upwards of $14.99 US for the same privilege at other hotels and I think this is a great way to add a little extra to a stay.Also, the woman at the concierge was helpful and friendly when we asked for directions and an umbrella during the continued downpour on Saturday.Maybe a little shop or vending machines exist, but they are not in plain sight and my husband and I did a little wandering to be able to find a convenient store for some beverages. I will have to take a better look today.But a wonderful stay so far and can't say that we've experienced any of the negatives in the other reviews I have read. I would highly recommend Hotel Omni Mont-Royal!	
Apr 30 2009 	wasnt able to sleep a bit!!	i was so disappointed! i was expecting a comfortable bed, nice sheets, nice bathrooms and clean room! i booked through priceline but stil ended up paying 105cad. when we get inside the room, the toilet wasnt flushed and its dirty! the linens were dirty too! i saw black marks on the white blanket as if somebody stepped on it. the bed wasnt even made. dusty everywhere so i ended up sneezing the whole night! while sleeping, it was so warm inside that you cant adjust the a/c to much cooler temp. the bed felt hard and itchy! as if something is crawling that i was scratching all over my body! i took a shower and the water felt like falling from a faucet that it hits so hard so i ended up taking a 5minute shower! stains and dustrolls in the carpet! coffeemaker has a lot of dusts! shampoo and conditioner in a cheap bottles that the labels were all blurred! bathroom floors feels sandy.omg! this is the consequence of using priceline as well.that u cant choose which hotel u can stay! id rather have paid 50 more bucks just to be sure il be sleeping in a hyatt bed soft and clean! or maybe just stayed in a 2star hotel and expecting not so good rooms in a lower price! disgusting and disappointing.	
Apr 29 2009 	Don't waste your money this is NOT a $* hotel	I've stayed in 2* with the same comfort level as this hotel (the bling doesn't impress me much, I was expecting a 4* sleeping experience). Bad: Room was 25th floor, behind the ice machine next to the elevator (noisy). Worn carpet, dirty vents, unable to adjust temperature, no bathroom vent fan, slow bathtub drain, only 2 very thin pillows, no curtain for shutter that covers the window that can open (city lights and morning sunlight). We would have been better off saving a few dollars and getting a 3.5* (if the Hyatt is what you can expect for this * level, a far superior hotel to the Omni). Good: 1 block to Metro (Peel), 1 block to self-park ($17/day) w/ easy access at drop off (better have a low profile vehicle, our Matrix antenna scrapped the hanging pipes several times in the garage), strong shower head, good water (taste/hot/cold). I've never had reason not to trust star ratings until this stay. Maybe if the big name raters didn't follow the crowd, left the lobby and stayed in one of the rooms some of us have been stuck with, they would be able to more fairly rate this hotel.	
Apr 28 2009 	For an upcoming stay	The Omni was the grand hotel of Montreal. Samuel Jackon did &quot;Red Violin&quot; here. I used to stay here a lot. I loved the small details of the room, like the little side window next to the bed. In the morning the Sun can come in through the shutters. One week I checked in the Westin and when I checked out, it became an Omni. I am looking forward to stay there again soon.	
Apr 27 2009 	Well located!	The Omni here does have 'issues' as others have pointed out, my desk chair too had a hole in the fabric, but the bed duvet was new,everything worked and the bathroom was darn clean if a little less than new. Clean is important for things like that! The carpet did have stains in a couple of spots.I liked the Omni though despite that - probably because I don't want to live in the room too much and there's the price-value combination to consider. I got a good deal on priceline - it pays to join the Omni Select program to stay here, free beverages in the AM and free wireless internet if you need it. I did however get the room next to the elevator and the ice machine which had heavy use on the weekend - and maybe in part that's because of the price I paid and so too the lack of window view. However it's not all negative - the location is pretty darn good for getting around Montreal, easy walk up to the Mont itself, by McGill University, lovely views of the city. Lots of restaurants nearby and the main shopping drag on St Catherine's St/Rue is very close too. Old Montreal is a fair walk, OK if you are reasonably fit, or short cab ride. There is an STM Metro station on the next block, station 'Peel.' As soon as it warms up a little, the cafe culture kicks in - and you can eat, drink, chat on the sidewalks in a European scene. The staff at this hotel were pretty darn good too, all speak excellent English if you do not speak French.Montreal is a complicated city, quite cosmopolitan with its ethnic 'quartiers' and social structure - so it's always entertaining. Food is a speciality here, you are spoiled for choice, Jazz is big here in bars and at the summer festival, on the streets people play classical guitar, sing arias or small jazz quartets perform around Berri-UQAM station in spring and fall too- it's a classy town in many respects. The old town by the waterfront, the Biodome, the gay village even amazes Americans - because it's all mainstream and presented with some 'je ne sais quoi.' It is very safe for tourists and you do not need to speak French - although Bonjour and Merci get you a long way :) Montreal has its own flair and it's definitely worth a look. What you think out the norm, they take for granted - it is a different culture in North America - and different is good! As the home city of Cirque du Soleil you can always try to land on dates when there's a new show launch - as there is right now. Their hockey team is a current bone of contention, so best not to mention them.Montreal is not cheap to eat, it does have its problems as all large cities do, but is presented downtown with a certain degree of uniqueness that make it worth a stop. Every time I visit Montreal I see another facet.And this hotel is a good value in the middle of it! Depending on your budget, this is recommended, it you have a black Amex card, maybe try the Ritz-Carleton just a few blocks along the street.	
Apr 19 2009 	Disapointing	On the recomendation of a friend we decided to book the Omni for a weekend getaway. The price was higher then our friends rate but because of the location we decided to book anyways......big mistake. When we got to the hotel to check in it was an ordeal to park our car, when we did it was a block away and we had to carry our luggage with us. We checked in and despite booking a non smoking room when we got to our room they had given us a smoking room. We switched rooms and were dissapointed when we walked in to find that the TV was on. I went to get a drink and utilized a glass only to find it was chipped. I went to have a shower only to find that the tub would not drain and the drain assembly was out of the drain.Overall we were very dissapointed and did not speak with anyone. I would have been obliged to tell management exactly how we felt, we paid our overpriced room and breakfast bill and left and will not return.	
Apr 5 2009 	A fantastic bargain	My husband and I stayed at the Omni for 3 nights and had a wonderful stay. I booked on line and paid the extra to upgrade to a higher floor. I think we were on the 28th. For $103 it was an amazing bargain. We usually stay at the Delta because I'm a gold member, but the Omni was every bit as good, if not better. The only thing missing was the bottled water. We had a corner room that was very large for a hotel room. The King size bed was firm, but very comfortable. The large bathroom had scales and a bidet, along with very nice bars of Swiss soap. The paper arrived early every morning. The room had a CD player, desk, table with chairs, tv and a loveseat. We were looking for the ultimate romantic place at the cheapest price, an impossiblity, but the Omni was more than we had expected.The area is expensive for dining, but if you put on a good pair of walking shoes, St. Deni has some great restaurants, and many let you take your own wine with no corkage fee.We ate breakfast at a spot on St. Catherine's Street. For a total of $8.50, we both had 2 eggs, bacon, has browns and toast and coffee. The Omni restaurant offers a very expensive breakfast if you decide to eat there.The Omni is within walking distance of the Bell Centre if you're going to take in a hockey game. We used the hotel gym and found it to be a pleasant surprise - every type of machine was availalbe and they all faced out a window overlooking Mount Royal	
Mar 29 2009 	Spring Forward in Omni Mont Royal	Our family visited Montreal and stayed at the Omni for 3 nights. We were able to book the hotel's Discover Montreal with Breakfast. Each morning 2 adults were entitled to a sumptuous free buffet breakfast in their Le Petit Opus Cafe Bar. Warm freshly baked cookies and milk were sent for the children on the first night including a backpack full of toys &amp; goodies.  Nothing can beat the location of the hotel in Sherbrooke Oest. Easily accessible by foot ( a good 3 mins walk - 2 blks ) is the fabulous shopping mecca Ste. Catherine St and the 32 kms undergound Montreal shopping paradise. The Holt Renfrew is also a good 4 blks to the left of the hotel. There are good restaurants around the area, a japanese restaurant beside it on Peel st., Le Bifteque - a good priced steak house a blk behind it and of course it is also walking distance to Eggspectation (3 blks to the left &amp; 1 blk down -- check their website for correct address) for a good brunch experience. Reubens on Ste. Catherine st. has the famouse Montreal smoked meat sandwich. Here you can order a sandwhich &amp; be served in 5-10 mins. (You are not asked to line up on the street) and they serve lean fat free smoked meat which we prefer than the greasy ones served elsewhere.  The Omni Hotel gives a choice of cold &amp; warm drink each morning, free WIFI throughout your stay, newspaper in the morning, bathrobe, slippers and turn down service to SELECT GUEST members (you can register for free in their website). Our selected drinks, good for 4 persons would come as requested each morning to the delight of our children. Each day coming back from shopping &amp; sight seeing, the room would be clean &amp; bathroom spotless with toiletries aplenty. Maybe my only complaint would be the tired old spring beds they still use. Other than that, we enjoyed The Omni. The housekeeping personnel does their job well. The staff in the resto Le Petite are always pleasant each morning as well as the staff in the reception &amp; concierge who readily helped us with directions as we embark each day to an exciting shopping/sight seeing adventure. Of course the doorman brought our car promptly each time. Valet parking is a bit expensive though. I wish it would come with discount to Select Guests Members. The Omni has very reasonable rates in their hotel website and booking direct, you can browse through the hotel's promotion. The Omni comes with promotions every time and you can get value for money accommodations. I would wish the management would tell clients upon check in about the various promotions so that they can avail of it. Over all our experience in The Omni was delightful and would come back &amp; stay again.	
Mar 25 2009 	Not a great place to stay...but affordable	I went to stay at this hotel with 3 friends. We booked a double room with two double beds but we were given a room with two twin beds...not comfortable for 4 people. The room was drab and the furniture was outdated. The hotel was supposed to have a pool and had told us on the phone when we booked that they did but when we got there it was closed for the season - they probably should have told us that although they have a pool it was closed. It is centrally located and they have valet parking at an affordable rate. I would not recommend this hotel unless you get a really really good deal and you make sure you ask all your questions before you go.	
Mar 24 2009 	Nice hotel but not 5-star	This was my first time in a 5-star hotel and I thought the luxury of suchan hotel would impress me, but it didn't. I guess I'm the kind of person that only considers a hotel room as a place to sleep.It's clean and the room are huge, but not for the price we paid.It's two blocks from Ste-Catherine, a 5 minutes walk. Parking is expensive, around $20CAD per night if I recall.	
Mar 23 2009 	Terrific location comfy rooms nice staff	We stayed for three nights at the Omni Mont-Royal and were impressed by the value, the location, and the extremely comfortable room with a great view. You can walk to the Metro, shopping, dining, and to McGIll University which is nearby. It was a special &quot;stay three nights, pay for two&quot; rate and was quite inexpensive when averaged out. Quiet large room, very comfy beds, great bathroom, pleasant staff. Low-key ambience which suited us just fine.	
Mar 23 2009 	Great Location.	I stayed at this hotel last October. The room was spacious, and clean with a very nice bathroom. I did not eat or spent much time in the hotel since there were so many things to do around there. I also did not interact much with the hotel Staff, but overall it was a very nice experience for my first trip to Montréal.	
Mar 18 2009 	Depends on your room... but great location	Here are some tips:PROS:1. Great location downtown2. Good service 3. Huge rooms4. Free wireless if you are a select member5. Good value for size of rooms,etcCONS:1. My room was old - ensure you ask for better location (rooms next to elevator very noisy!)2. Bad experience with cleaning...I found hairs in my bathtub upon check-in ... gross. 3. Very dated furniture (holes in the chair, stains on carpet very worn)4. Room service ice cold toast and egg.. not good (but they are fast)5. No air conditioning except in summer months6. Couldn't find gift shop7. Hotel bar was dead, not much action herePics attached.	
Mar 18 2009 	Absolutely no problem with the OMNI	Booked the Omni for a one night weekend stay at a very reasonable internet rate. Hotel room was very big and well appointed. Decor was classic (not modern) but still nice. We had a great view of McGill and Mont-Royal. Noise was not an issue for us.Staff was friendly and helpful from the doorman to the front desk staff. Location suited our needs. The big shops on Ste Catherine were within walking distance and there were plenty of taxis available when we wanted to venture further afield. Very serviceable place. Not the greatest I have stayed at, but very good indeed.	
Mar 18 2009 	Good Location - Would stay again.	Arrived quite early in the morning, about 9:00 and the staff were very accomodating in checking us in, we had been expecting to have to wait until check-in time. We had booked via travelzoo and the rate included breakfast but this component of the reservation didn't seem to get into the hotel system. I had the original documentatioon from travelzoo so after approximately 5 minutes we were provided with the breakfast coupons.The location is very good, we are frequent travelers to Montreal and the hotel is close to everything downtown and the metro. Rooms were fine, a bit dated but clean and the housekeeping staff assigned to our room usually had our room cleaned by early afternoon.The buffet breakfast was good with a selection of hot and cold items but was a bit expensive $20 if it was not included with your room rate.	
Mar 14 2009 	Worst Hotel Management I've Ever Seen	I completely agree with the last review. This hotel has also charged my credit card without authorization as well.First of all, we booked their special which included buffet breakfast for two. Upon arrival at the hotel we were told that breakfast was not included. We let it go. We had also requested smoking rooms and they had assigned us non-smoking rooms. Again at check-in, we reiterated that we needed somking rooms to which they replied &quot;just take these&quot; with a wink. I don't know how you'd interpret that, but to me that meant just take these rooms but keep the smoking to a minimum. Within the next 2 days we were herassed by the hotel management on 4 separate occasions. The first time, they complained that the smoke detectors in the room went off - we told them we had asked for smoking rooms - they still refused to put us in a new room. The second time was at 11:30 on a Friday night (please note the time and day of the week) and security came up to say there was a noise complaint!!! I was alone in the room at the time and listening to music at about 1/2 of the maximum level you'd get from the TV. Still I was nice enough to turn the music off. The third time, security woke us up with real loud banging on the door. We opened the door and they asked us how many people are staying in the room and forced themselves in to check!!! The 4th time they woke me up again apparently because my friend was smoking a Djarum (Indonesian clove) cigareete and said we had been given 3 warnings and had 20 minutes to vacate the premises!!! This was the most embaressing thing I have ever endured in my life as they stood there for 20 minutes while we packed our stuff. I should mention that the manager refused to talk to me and didn't even know who the hotel room was registered to. She said it's not under my name! After 20 minutes she finally sent someone to check and they came back saying it was under my credit card. At this point the manager accuses us of smoking Marijuana in the room!!!! Imagine the nerve on some people.Needless to say, we had enough and agreed to leave on the condition that we would not be paying for the rooms at all (we had got very little sleep in the past 3 days and this was supposed to be our down time, before we hit the town again on Saturday night). There were 4 witnesses present and the so called manager understood clearly the condition under which we agreed to leave. I just found out through my credit card company that the whole length of the stay was charged to the credit card, even the nights that we didn't stay!!! This was by far the single worst hotel experiene I've had. In my years of travel, having stayed in some amazing hotels fron NYC to Asia, I had never received a warning, let alone be thrown out, so you can imagine how embaressins this experience was - but truthfully it's Omni and it's staff that should be embaressed and ashamed.	
Feb 26 2009 	Do not give them a credit card!!!!	Hotel parking lot is on different street to far away to be convenient. Heated winter pool on rooftop which was a bonus was Closed for renovations.check in is very fast and efficient.stayed FEB 09 for 2 nights booked with Hotwire and prepaid online at time of reservation.At check in a credit card was requested for incidentals eg room service telephone cards.Even though no food or calls were placed.$200.00 was placed on credit card and still to this date Feb 26, after 2 separate conversations with the hotel accounting department . Though very nice and polite Karinastill cannot or will not release the funds held on to buy the hotel.So please take care and precautions when using a credit card.	
Feb 20 2009 	Would Return Soon	The Omni Mont-Royal is a great hotel. We were there for the weekend and had a great room with a wonderful south view of the city. The bathroom was about the size of rooms at other hotels! Would highly recommend this hotel. Great location, close to the subway, walking distance to all downtown attractions and shopping. Good buffet breakfast too.	
Feb 17 2009 	Definitely coming back	We loved the Omni hotel. It was very clean, quick elevators, walking distance to great pubs, dance bars and lots of shopping.The hotel has a great view of downtown Montreal. The bed was very comfortable and even with a room beside the elevator, a very quiet restful stay. The parking was a bit expensive as a hidden fee but it was worth it. We will be coming back in the summer!	
Jan 9 2009	Friendly and enjoyable	The Hotel Omni Mont-Royal was fairly priced and clean. They were very friendly at the front desk and the room was nice enough. It is quite old and probably once was very nice but has seen its better days. Beyond that...the staff was courteous and treated us well. I signed up for the member card and they brought us coffee every morning which was a nice touch. The hotel is not a bad walk to St.Catherine street and Crecent Street either. The price was right through travelocity when booked with a good buy discount. Overall, we had a good stay.	
Jan 3 2009	Totally worth the money	I have stayed here twice. Both time the staff has been extremely friendly (the concierge was very helpful when making reservations). The rooms are VERY large and comfortable with plenty of seating and workspace. The bathrooms are incredible as well.	
Dec 28 2008 	Great location good rooms	Check-in was fast, room is clean. Close to most things, including the subway, overall very convenient. Also free internet in the room so you can stay in and Google Montreal if the weather is too bad. Parking in the downtown area is tight, we paid around $25/24hrs for hotel parking. Will stay here again.	
Dec 27 2008 	Staff 	Great deal through TravelZoo. The Hotel is in an ideal location. The rooms are clean, beds are comfortable. The Opus restaurant &amp; bar is excellent but what made the stay a great one was each and every staff member we encountered was friendly, helpful and considerate in both languages. We look forward to going again.	
Dec 26 2008 	Loved hotel great location	Stayed at hotel for three days as part of road trip between LA and NYC (seeing friends in Montreal). On the main street in downtown Montreal. Superb location. Used valet service when I arrive, which was very efficent, and easy to use. no problems with it whatsoever. I had a 'palour room' on 29th floor. I was huge. Very clean and large. Although I only had a 'sofa' bed, it was very comfortable, and as I had a great price for such a room, it was no problem. I had a super view over mount royale. US and Canadian TV channels. Conceirge was very helpful. Walking distance to all the sights. Nearby Rue Crescent for plenty of bars and restaurants. I would definately stay there again when I go back to Montreal. Great stay.	
Nov 3 2008	Excellent service location and value	Great service and location! The doorman, concierge and front desk were all extremely friendly and helpful throughout our weekend stay. Rooms are very spacious, including one of the largest beds I've ever slept in plus a nice-sized bathroom as well. While the furniture and decor are a little outdated (lots of pink grandma'sh drapes and furniture), it was very comfortable and clean. Overall, a GREAT value!	
Oct 29 2008 	Excellent value; perfect location	Truly excellent for the price; though I didn't choose the hotel, as a Priceline bidder, it chose me. Built with quality as a Four Seasons, it has spacious rooms, marble baths, and has been reasonably updated. The location, across from McGill and within easy distance of all downtown attractions, can't be beat. The lobby bar, which doubles as a breakfast room, wasn't great. However, the lobby itself retains some of the elegance of the original property; and there was little to criticize about the room. Well furnished, huge, decent towels, bathrobe, good bed. Honestly, from some of the mixed reviews in this forum, I was pleasantly surprised, and would stay here again.	
Oct 26 2008	Always a favorite!	We have stayed at this Omni many times over the past few years - and have two reservations upcoming (Nov &amp; Dec). We stay exclusively at the Omni while in Montreal. The hotel is absolutely perfect from check-in through check-out. The rooms are elegant, spacious, comfortable and clean. The bathrooms are spotless with good water pressure. The staff are always friendly and accommodating.The workout room has plenty of pieces of equipment - including treadmills, ellipticals, rower, and bikes as well as weight equipment. The equipment has always been in good repair. There is a separate room for floor exercises/yoga with balls. The outdoor pool is comfortable even in winter. We have used the outdoor pool (accessed from indoors) in below 30 degree temps with snow falling - and the water is still warm. The outdoor mini lights - with snow falling - is beautiful! There is a co-ed sauna as well as steam rooms in both the men's and women's chaning rooms. The changing rooms also have showers and lockers.We have never eaten in the restaurant - but have enjoyed drinks in the bar adjacent to the lobby.There is a charge for parking - but we have always been able to go a few blocks away and park on the street without a problem.The location is perfect - near St. Catherine St, Museum of Fine Arts - great restaurants, shopping, etc. The subway is also nearby.	
Oct 26 2008 	Great location; excellent room; reasonable price	I joined my wife (who was in town on business) at the Montreal Omni for a night during October 2008. The hotel was clean, the bed comfortable, the room relatively spacious, the Internet free, and the location excellent for shopping, business and dining out.We had stayed at the Ritz Carlton down the street a couple of years earlier and we both agreed that the Omni was a standout better hotel both in terms of amenities and price.Breakfast (which was not included in our price) was served in a rather small room, but they still managed to offer a buffet with a good selection and reasonably responsive service. Curiously, there was no problem getting a seat.	
Oct 24 2008 	Very pleasantly surprised	I booked an 'apollo' room at The Omni, which meant a room with a pull down bed, and therefore a cheaper rate. I was full of trepidation when I arrived, but in fact the room was great. It was very spacious with a double sofa bed, dining table, TV and cupboard, sideboard, seperate mini-bar, huge wardrobe and lovely bathroom. The decor was traditional, rather than modern. The bed was a sofa bed, so wasn't the most comfortable in the world, but for three nights it was absolutely fine - and the staff made it up every day so there no work involved in converting it from a sofa every night.Location was brilliant - 2 mins from the metro and 5 mins from the centre of the shopping district. A slightly longer walk to Old Montreal. I was on the 17th floor and there was a great view of the park from there.The service was good, although I didn't use the restaurant. Concerige was amazing - knew everything and could sell me tickets for most things.And, in case you're wondering, it's $38 fixed price for the taxi fare from the ariport.	
Oct 20 2008 	Wonderful stay at this little hotel	I stayed here for 4 nights for a small conference. Although I would agree with other reviewers that the hotel is a bit worn in places, overall I had a fabulous stay. Here are the reasons why:Room: Shared a room and requested two beds. Was a bit worried when they said twin beds, but unlike places that claim to have two queens and then give you small doubles, the twin beds were quite large and a good size for one person. The room was also very large and there were nice amneities like bathrobes etc. I also apprecited the free wifi - not a given in older hotels.Fitness center: First - unlike many hiltons which nickel and dime you to death, the fitness center was free. Several rooms including a yoga room that is available to just use when they are not offering classes (also free). This was really helpful - and a contrast to a recent stay in a grand hyatt which didn't allow bare fit thus preventing certain types of fitness activities. Second - great little room to the side with pitchers of water and a small continental breakfast set up in the morning. The water - with nice touches like lemon or cucumber - was available all day. Also, nice outdoor pool that one accesses from inside. During my stay plenty of adults were swimming for exercise. Staff: very polite and helpful. Public spaces: quite nice if a bit cold. But that is alwasy a problem with hotels.	
Oct 17 2008 	I liked it!	We stayed at the Omni Mont Royal for 3 nights. We arrived to Montreal late at night (10pm) and called ahead to make sure that our room would still be there when we arrived. The reservation people were very nice and made sure we still had our room.We arrived and the doorman let us park our car in the reserved spot while we checked in and brought our luggage up to the room. Check in was fast, friendly and easy. We chose to do self-park across the street for $17 per night (which I was not too impressed about) but it's Montreal - what can you expect for parking?The room looked a bit dated, but was still very elegant, clean and spacious. We were on the 15th floor and had a very nice view of Montreal! The bed was comfortable. We called front desk the first night to ask for pillows and they never showed up. But on the second night they did. ?? The location was great. We were able to walk everywhere, including Old Montreal, some great restaurants on St Catherine street, Chinatown, and many other great shopping and walking places. My only complaint was this: We asked one of the doormen to recommend a good place to eat on the last night we were there and he told us to go to a steak restaurant on Peel street right besides the hotel for &quot;great sirloin steak&quot;. The name of the restaurant was &quot;...st. Jean something-or-other&quot;. They only serve one thing - sirloin steak with fries. The meal was horrible, and it cost us $60 for the both of us. Disgusting food. Please do yourself a favour and don't listen to the doorman!	
Oct 11 2008 	Worn dated but a quiet place to sleep--not up to usual Omni quality	I booked a nonfefundable room rate on the Omni website. I was curious to see exactly what a former Four Seasons hotel was like and got exactly what I thought. The lobby is wonderful, elegant--small but the feeling is of luxury. The elevators are creaky with dated electronics but again elegant.I was given a room across from the elevator, which is usually an issue for me with noise, but once inside the room I was confident that I wouldn't hear anything and I was right. The furniture is mismatched, the bed shirt was sun bleached and worn, the toilet seat was missing two of the things that hold it in place when down, the sink was old, the counter was missing a chunk of its surface, and the couch in the room was tired. The bright spot was the bed--comfy, clean bright white linens. The room, in Four Seasons style, was quiet and noise free. I slept like a baby. That's more important than the things I list above as problems, but this hotel is tired and not up to Omni standards.	
Sep 20 2008 	A Mixed Experience at the Omni	This is a hard review to write... We stayed at the Omni for three nights in mid August, having booked through Priceline at a very good rate ($90 per night). The hotel made a terrible first impression upon our arrival, but gradually over the course of our three night stay it seemed to grow on us a bit. It seems to be struggling to establish an identity in an increasingly crowded downtown hotel market.The cab driver we engaged after arriving at the VIA station needed us to give him directions to the hotel. We didn't take that as a good sign...Upon entering the hotel we were greeted with chaos. We arrived on a Sunday afternoon around 2pm, and since check-in was not until 3pm did not expect our room to be ready (especially given that our reservation was through Priceline). It wasn't, but we were told it would be in about 20-30 minutes so we decided to wait in the (small and very crowded) lobby. The hotel was host to a rather motley crew of guests that day- an Arthur Murray dance competition in flamboyant costumes, a couple of American convention groups, and a number of travelling vagabonds whose luggage consisted of knapsacks and duffle bags. This seemed at odds with the elegant, upscale decor of the lobby (including fresh floral arrangements and expensive goods on offer in the display cases), and the attempted professionalism of the uniformed staff. In fact, on our second night there we had to call down to security to request they try to quiet down a rather noisy room of partiers across the hall from us- more the kind of crowd you would expect at a Howard Johnsons or Motel 6 than an Omni.We were kept waiting almost TWO hours. After being told to wait 20-30 minutes that was unacceptable. We were offered a coupon for two free drinks at their lounge (a sad joke of a place, really, for what purports to be a 4-star hotel), but we didn't use it.Our room was on the 5th floor overlooking the outdoor pool and adjacent office buildings. It was surprisingly bright (because it was a corner unit), spacious and well-furnished. The bathroom was very large, and there were robes and an umbrella in the closet. Sure, the upholstery and draperies are about 10 years or more out of fashion, but they were clean and in good repair. Things were looking up!The hotel is in a convenient location for high-end shopping and good restaurants. Unfortunately it is not connected to the underground city, so I would not stay here in the winter. We made use of the fitness centre each day (large, decent equipment, lots of windows). Each morning there was a small continental breakfast set up in one of the adjoining rooms (coffee, juice, pastries, fresh fruit). We would just grab some bananas and apples after our workout before heading to the Pain Dore down the street for breakfast. The pool looked alright but it was always so crammed full of children and oversized &quot;floaters&quot; (can't really call them swimmers, they just bobbed in place) we didn't use it once.We had mixed encounters with the staff. The front desk clerks were always friendly and professional. The concierges were hit or miss. The younger ones were sulky and unhelpful, the older ones were more polished and professional.Overall I'm still at odds over how to rate this hotel. It seems about 15-20 years past its prime, but it has potential. I would probably stay here again for the rate we paid. Otherwise, next time we visit Montreal we will most likely stay at one of the boutique hotels in Vieux Montreal or at the Queen Elizabeth attached to the VIA Rail station.	
Sep 14 2008 	Never Again!!!!!!!!!!	We stayed at the Omni Mont Royal in August and we will never stay at another Omni again. We arrived at approx. 3:15 for a Sunday reservation. We were told that our room was not ready because they had a very busy weekend and housekeeping would not be able to have our room ready for at least another hour and a half. We were then informed that the room was a &quot;Parlor Room&quot; meaning that there was a sofa bed in the room. I was under the impression that this was in addition to a regular bed, but the woman at the desk informed us that this was our bed! She then told us that sometimes Priceline and Expedia could be a little misleading when it came to the room description and that they also reserved the right to change the room if necessary. I have never had a problem with Expedia but this was also going to be the first and last time we use Priceline. We were given a voucher for a free drink at the bar and told to come back. Went back an hour and a half later and were told the room would not be ready for another hour! The clerk was very apologetic, and mgr. never came out to address the problem. The clerk told us we could go back to the bar or have free breakfast. We were only in Montreal for a short time so we weren't looking to hang in the bar or lobby for hours We were told that if we wanted a room right away we could get one, but the only one they could put us in had a Murphy bed and that it was a little small so we might need a roll out. At this point we were so disgusted we took the room so we could freshen up and go out and see the city. There was a dirty room service tray outside the door of the room. When we saw the Murphy bed we went back to the desk and told them we would need the roll out. The next clerk told us that there would be an additional charge! Finally, someone who we think was the manager came out and waved her hand suggesting that there would not be an additional charge. At this point we were so aggravated we left for dinner. When we arrived back at the hotel around 10:00 pm, the dirty room service tray was still outside our door. When we woke the next day we just wanted to get out of the hotel and forgo touring the rest of the city. We left at approx. 11:30 am after trying to use the room hair dryer that was stuck on low and passing that dirty room service tray outside of our room. As stated earlier, Never Again Omni or Priceline!	
Sep 9 2008 	Glad We Switched	We planned to be in Montreal starting 8-30, then leave for Quebec City 9-3, then come back to a final night in Montreal 9-5 before our early flight home 9-6. We had originally booked at the Fairmont Queen Elizabeth but switched to Omni due to the strike at the Fairmont. For a much lower price we got a great, large room with a view. As Omni Select members there is no charge for in room internet and a morning beverage is complimentary. Very clean, nice rooms, good service. We thought for the final night in Montreal before the flight home we would keep the reservation at the Fairmont. The strike was still in full force. The non striking hotel workers were doing their very best, but I wouldn't stay there for more than one night while the strike was continuing. We've stayed at Omni properties in New Orleans and Orlando and had positive experiences each time.	
Sep 6 2008 	Stayed for a few days.	I was there between the end of Aug and beginning of Sept. I booked a room for a few days and didn't have any problems with the service. The room was cleaned well and was able to sleep with no noise until I left in the mornings around 9:30. I don't know about the pool etc.. I didn't use them. Staff were friendly too.	
Sep 1 2008 	Beautiful hotel great rooms	I had a wonderful room, with a comfortable bed and very clean bathroom. I was exceptionally pleased with the space I had. The staff were friendly and helpful and the food was good. The facilities were excellent.The location is very good too and just a short walk from the main areas of Montreal for shopping, eating, getting coach tours etc. McGill University is nearby and has a lovely campus to visit.	
Aug 26 2008 	Outstanding location and service at the Omni.	My family recently had a pleasant stay at the Omni Mont Royal and I was extremely impressed by the high level of service we received from the concierge, front desk and valet. I also brought my cocker spaniel with me, and was required to pay a $50 fee which is quite common now with leading hotels to cover additional room cleaning. They were also nice enough to provide me a bag of dog toys and treats, as well as some toys and activities for my niece who was also with us.The room is good, but not nearly as nice as the Omni in Davenport which I stayed at last year. Otherwise I would have rated the hotel 5 stars and not four. The beds were very comfortable and we also enjoyed using the outdoor pool facility.The location is fantastic as it is close to McGill University, shopping, restaurants and entertainment. I would stay here again in the future!	
Aug 24 2008 	Great stay at the Omni	For a recent family vacation with our two children we booked our room on Priceline, knowing that there was a chance we might not get a room with two beds. Upon check-in we found this to be the case, but they had booked us in a large king room that would accommodate two rollaway beds for no additional charge. We were pleased to find our room on the 20th floor had a fantastic view of Mont Royal, McGill Campus and the Olympic Stadium. The bathroom was large, with bidet, full tub, fluffy large towels, blow dryer, magnifying mirror, and very nice quality soaps/shampoo/conditioner/lotion. King bed was very comfortable and I especially loved the big feather pillows. There was ample floor space for the two top-quality rollaways.We joined the Omni Select Guest program prior to the trip, which gave us complementary hot and cold beverages delivered each morning of our stay. The fitness facility was very well equipped with separate rooms for weight machines, cardio, and daily fitness classes. Workout wear is provided. There is a sauna and a lovely outdoor pool with a tunnel leading to the indoor hot tub. We found everything to be clean and orderly during our stay and the kids thoroughly enjoyed the pool.The concierge staff was very helpful with restaurant recommendations and metro directions. We chose not to dine in the hotel, since the neighborhood has so many restaurants to choose from. The downtown location was a great base for our many outings. One block from a metro station, a few blocks from the base of Mont-Royal, about three blocks from the Museum of Fine Arts, about a twenty minute walk to Old Montreal. Overall we found the hotel to be in great shape, clean and well-run with a lovely decor.	
Aug 12 2008 	Convenient Location	Travelled to Montreal this past summer with my mom to watch the Roger's Cup Women's Tennis. Found the Omni to be adequate. Room was spacious enough, beds were small but comfortable. Chambermaids were friendly and kept room clean.Fresh new paint could make it a bit better - just a bit outdated. Pool area was decent. Wasn't aware that there was a continental breakfast until our last day - upon check-in front staff didn't say much about anything. We stayed for 5 days. Lots of attractions nearby. St. Laurent Street was also about a 20 minute walk to the traditional part of Montreal - we loved that stroll. Hotel was right near the McGill University. St. Catherine's is 2 long blocks away. Crescent Street is also about the same distance. If you walked to Old Montreal it would take you about 45 minutes (going downhill). Subway system was very handy. In summary, we paid $132/night, which I would say was reasonable for the room we had. I certainly would have been disappointed if the room charge would have been more - Eva from Regina, SK Canada	
Aug 11 2008 	Excellent choice!	My husband and I booked one night at the Omni Mont-Royal through Priceline.com. We did the &quot;name your price&quot; option, and for $100 we were spoiled! It exceed our expecations. The room was massive, king size bed, robes, great view.The lobby is beautiful, service is great and I can I say this, the entire hotel just smells really good?The location is ideal, two blocks from St-Catherine. I would have gladly paid the full rate for this hotel, but getting the deal through priceline made it even sweeter. Highly recommended.	
Aug 7 2008	great location	We had a great stay here at the Omni. Our room was very nice and the service was excellent. The concierge was so helpful in making suggestions on getting around via metro. We did not use the hotel for breakfast but there are so many good restaurants in the area and the hotel is close to the Subway stations and great shopping.We would definitely stay here again.	
Aug 3 2008 	Great View of Mt. Royal	If you're looking for a dazzling lobby, go to the Ritz down the street, but this is the best Omni I've ever stayed. Had a room on one of the upper floors with a fantastic view of Mt. Royal, the little &quot;mountain&quot; in the middle of Montreal. Took a walk daily up Peel street (you need to me in shape!) to the magnificent park on the hill. It was designed by the same guy that did Central Park in NYC. Our room was spacious and the pool and fitness areas were very nice. Never ate at their restaurant since there are so many others within walking distance. You are a block away from the subway and underground. Great city, very nice hotel, and the staff was of the highest quality.	
Aug 3 2008 	Unsatisfying	A comment on the other reviews saying the hotel is not five star. I doubt the hotel would claim that it was, though some websites might. Its peers are more four star chains like Marriott and Hilton, but even against that standard it falls short.As other reviewers have noted, this was once a Four Seasons property, but that was many years ago. The fact that they never bothered to change the shower handles that have the old logo tells you how much has been invested in the property since then. The structure of the building and rooms is nice, but all the accoutremonts and furnishings are lacking. Non-dairy creamer and cheap coffee, the (tube) TV was not on a rack that you could slide out of the cabinet so you had to sit opposite it in a desk chair if you wanted to watch TV. There's no place to buy a muffin or a newspaper in the hotel. No doorman was there to help with bags. The list goes on. The bed was comfortable and the room and bathroom were large, but I would not recommend staying here unless you get a very good price (e.g., Priceline) and just want a place to sleep.	
Jul 22 2008 	3 nights of bliss...	This was a beautiful hotel, with clean spacious rooms. Located in the Museum district, this hotel is very close to the famous Rue St. Catherine - lots of shopping, and food! The hotel staff are very courteous and friendly. We asked for extra towels as we used ours for the swimming pool, and they came to our room within minutes! Parking is $18/day underground across the street, or $24 or so at the hotel, internet use is $5 per half hour. There is a swimming pool, a sauna, and a hot tub (that they clean every Sunday night about an hour before closing, but unfortunately they didn't tell us that, so just when we needed to relax in the hot tub, it was closed :( There is an exercise facility that is open 24/7, and they even have classes that are taught by an instructor! What's great is that they have a mini bar that you can restock, as there are no 'seals' or tape on the beverages - it's a plus if you really need something, and you don't have to feel guilty about paying $10 for a bottle of beer! (We didn't do this, but you could!).All in all a lovely place, and would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone!	
Jul 18 2008 	Always Perrfect	My expectations were met yet again. The hotel is exceptional. I guess the other reviewers had different rooms. We stayed here from June 29-july 3. My room was a delux, not a junior suit as before. A huge king size bed, big bathroom with thick, plush towels, and all the usual amenities. The location is excellent for downtown shopping and mont royal walking. the rice was higher than the other hotel I would stay at 3 days later but it was worth every penny. I was given a 20% off coupon for the Spa. The wait at check in and out was too long . But the accomodations was priceless. Our room overlooked sherbrooke street. We had turndown service with chocolates on our pillows. Yes, this hotel spoiles you and will be my first choice for any stay in Montreal. Check out La Belle province for Breakfast and the peel pub. Both on peel street. Your taste buds will not be dissappointed.I will be back next Canada Day celebration.Happy Travels	
Jul 14 2008 	Over priced for what it is...	I have stayed in several hotels in Montreal and this one is by far the worst re: price/quality. The rooms were tacky and dated with filthy windows and everything had a ridiculous price tag attached to it. (i.e. 7$ for a bottle of water that is left by the bed) I don't mind paying for good service, but I felt like this hotel tries to stiff you from every angle possible and is just about business, not client satisfaction.	
Jul 8 2008 	Omni had great service	The location of the omni was wonderful. We were able to walk everywhere and the metro was near by for the days that we were tired of walking.The hotel staff were wonderful and were very helpful with everything we needed. The rooms themselves are in need of an upgrade, but the beds and the pillows were very comfortable. The room was a fair size and the bathroom had all the amenities you needed. The pool on the third floor was nice, but was usually covered with shade for the most part of the day. I expected more from the pool facilities, but the gym was well done.We spent 6 nights at the omni and were very comfortable there.	
Jul 7 2008 	Great Stay at the Omni!	My 13-year-old daughter and I just stayed at the Omni for a four-day long weekend - we loved it! The hotel was beautifully decorated, both in its public spaces and in its guest rooms. Our room was very spacious and featured a great view of downtown. The beds were the most comfortable I've had at a hotel in recent memory - supersoft mattresses, down comforters, and best of all, the option of quality feather pillows instead of generic foam. Complimentary beverages of choice were delivered every morning, along with two newspapers. The staff were helpful and courteous in every instance. Room service was delivered more promptly than promised - food was decent and reasonably priced. I had a great pedicure in the hotel's spa, again at a reasonable price, and we also enjoyed the hotel's swimming pool and whirlpool.The location of the hotel is excellent - right off the intersection of Sherbrooke and Peel, which is located amongst the main downtown business and shopping district, McGill University, and Mont Royal park. It is walking distance to almost everywhere you'd want to go, and for those destinations a bit farther, it is two blocks away from the Peel metro station. For those in town on business, the hotel is in the heart of downtown - my firm's Montreal office was two blocks away, and one of our clients was two blocks in the other direction. High speed wireless internet made staying in touch with my office effortless, and the desk in our room had sufficient built-in plugs to power my laptop, blackberry and iPod.I would definitely stay at the Omni again, whether in town for business, vacation or a little bit of both. It was a great value and a great stay.	
Jul 7 2008 	Omni Mont Royal - Definitely not a 5 star experience	Stayed at the Omni Mont Royal for 2 nights over Canada Day holiday.-We arrived at 4 PM after a long drive and were told that our room would not be ready for at least another hour. My wife and I were very tired but the front desk staff did not seem to care, so we sat in the hotel lobby for 45 mins until the room was ready. Being a Select Guest member was of no use. I found this totally unacceptable.- We were given a room on the backside of the hotel. The garbage trucks with their back-up alarms started and 3:30AM and went until 6:00AM. Eventhough we were on the 16th floor, the ding-ding- ding of the back-up alarms was loud and clearly audible. Needless to say, we could not get back to sleep after 3:30 AM. Perhaps a room on the Sherbrooke St. side would have been quieter. The room itself was very nice. Bed was ok. The loveseat was quite comfortable for reading . Although the furnishings were a bit dated, everything was very clean. Bathroom was nice and spacious with good amenities. There was even a bidet. We did not eat in the hotel restaurant. as there were some local places that we wanted to try. It was definitely not a 5 or even 4 star experience. I would call it a 3 star hotel. There are many fine 5 star hotels in Montreal. Currently, the Omni is not one of them. If you can get a discount rate, I highly reccomend the Sofitel located acrosss the street.	
Jul 7 2008 	Place to Crash	Two friends and I of mine decided to stay at the Omni for a friends Bachelor party in Montreal.From the moment we checked in everything went great. When we arrived everything was all prepared at the front desk and it only took two minutes to be done with check in and heading up to our room.Upon entering the room everything seemed very clean and the room was much larger than we expected. I've stayed in Montreal multiple times and for the price we paid this was by far the largest room I have ever stayed in. The room was also extremely cold which was very nice as it was a very hot day in Montreal.Before heading out, we had a few of our friends meet us at the room for some drinks. Unfortunately security came to visit our room because we were being too loud, we were all adults between the ages of 25-30 and were not acting like children (not yet at least). It was 7pm!!!! We found this to be quite ridiculous as it was not even dark outside yet. We quieted down a bit and left the hotel around 8:30 for dinner.While we were there we took a quick tour of the hotel. We found the pool to be very nice and the gym was probably the largest hotel gym I have ever seen. They also have an Amerispa on location. We didn't use any of these services but it was nice to know they were there and were very clean.Overall the stay was very nice and we had no complaints. I would definitely stay there again especially if we can get the same type of rate ($150 for the Friday night). The location is great, within walking distance to anything you would want to see in Montreal and the customer service was very good. Thanks Omni.	
Jul 1 2008 	Just average hotel. NO WAY 5 stars!	Everything in the the hotel is old looking - from the lobby to the rooms. The room was just alright, but by no means a 5 star hotel.	
Jun 19 2008 	Great Hotel	We stayed 3 nights for a wedding. The hotel is very nice and centrally located to everything in down town Montreal. Check in was good , front desk seemed a little confused but the concierge desk was top notch, helpful with directions and suggestions.Rooms were in good shape we had 2 connecting on 20th floor. Very quite no view we faced down town.They delivery hot and cold drinks in the AM for FREE, what a great deal, we also had milk and cookies sent up free on 2 days and the first day they delivery a large bottle of water and chocolate , night time turn down service , they did miss one room on one night. We got a 3 night special for 150 a night .I would go back in a heart beat. Locations is walkable to shopping and dinning.	
Jun 2 2008 	loved the location!	We traveled with 8 friends over Memorial day weekend. All 4 rooms we booked were different layouts and spacious and clean. The location of the property cannot be beat - you can walk everywhere in any direction to go to Old Montreal, residential neigborhoods, parks and dining and bars. Everyone at the hotel was friendly and the exchange rate from USD at the front desk was the best around!We took the metro up to the Olympic Park &amp; Botanical Garden and went to the underground shopping mall that runs for miles. We visited countless bars and taverns and all were unique and fun and we walked around for hours to see different neighborhoods and sites. Don't miss the Notre Dame Basilica - it is really unbeilveable!	
Jun 1 2008 	Needs renovation badly to be considered 5 star	We booked the prez suite here because we couldn't get in at the W on the big UFC fight weekend. They gave us some lame excuse about how the person in their prez suite had extended their stay...and recommended the OMNI...whatever. The only thing that was nice about the room (s) was a big 2 story sitting room on the top floors which adjoined to our (normal) bedroom and it was close to shopping.But...all the carpets needed to be replaced, the furniture was cracked, dented, scratched, bathrooms were ancient, poor lighting throughout, reeked of smoke from the last &quot;party&quot; that took place in there ...I could just go on and on.If you are looking for a 5 star experience, this hotel is NOT it.	
May 26 2008 	Thumbs Up	We stayed in this hotel over the Memorial Day weekend. Great location on rue Sherbrooke West and within easy walking distance to the Peel St. Metro, McGill University, Bell Centre, Museum of Fine Arts as well as all the downtown attractions, restaurants and shopping including Old Montreal.Nice perks in the room; including an umbrella in the closet which we made of use of because it rained during our second day there. Avoid the in-room bar and snacks which are way overpriced.Money changing at the hotel front desk ($US to $CAD only) was at the best rate we encountered in town. Money changers, located in small shops all over downtown, offered 1% less. The Montreal Casino offered the poorest exchange rate we encountered.Staff were courteous but not overly-friendly; very helpful and knowledgable.Car park was in a nearby underground garage at $16.75CAD per day. Valet parking is also available at about $26.75 per day, unlimited in/out. Given the proximity of the hotel to the downtown and Montreal's good public transit, save yourself some money if you drive into the city and self-park.	
May 8 2008 	Pleasant stay	I am late in writing my review of this hotel which I have stayed at in April 2007 for a family reunion and again in January 2008 for a girlfriends weekend through Travelzoo at a great promotional price of $89 and $99 a night.I would recommend the Omni for it's great location close to a large choice of restaurants and shopping area.Overall our stay was pleasant,the room &amp; bathroom clean and spacious.The beds were comfortable,linens were good ,rooms soundproof.Would recommend to stay on the 20th floor or higher for the grand view of the city.One complaint for the bedding was that the pillows were too small /flat and not enough extra pillows in the room or closet.The furniture was a little tired looking.The small restaurant on the main floor entrance offered a large buffet breakfast for a reasonable price.Did not take advantage of the gym but did visit it and looked well equipped,was very interested in the morning yoga class offered but slept in and missed it!A heated outdoor pool was used by my daughter in chilly April.The staff at the reception were welcoming,we were allowed to safely leave our luggage at checkout time so we could do some last minute visiting,the concierge was helpful in recommending a good french restauran(actually right next door 'Garçon !' is an excellent restaurant with a very good menu, professional staff and wide selection of wines.I would recommend this hotel to my friends visiting the great city of Montreal.	
Apr 18 2008 	Pleasant stay	The hotel is well situated for easy access to shops/restaurants. Staff were pleasant and helpful, especially concierge guy. Our room wasn't ready upon check in but this was no problem as our cases were securely stored and we went for lunch.The room was 'average' - in need of updating but was immaculately clean and spacious. Mini bar was expensive - even by mini bar standards! All in all this hotel was fine for our needs and we loved Montreal.	
Apr 14 2008	Unhelpful	The hotel was prepaid through Expedia, but the hotel still demanded $100/day deposit cash for my weeklong stay (my credit card had disappeared on the flight). No offer to help block the credit card.The room is nothing special, and far from modern or stylish. Typical overpriced generic hotel bar.	
Mar 5 2008 	Loved the cookies and milk :)	Visited Montreal the long weekend of February 15, 2008 and stayed at the OMNI Mont Royal hotel with my two kids.Great Hotel, staff were friendly and very helpful in providing tips on the best way of getting around Montreal. Rooms were spacious, well decorated and very clean. The best part of staying at the OMNI with kids, they gave us chocolate chip cookies and milk each evening, mmmm those cookies were so delicious.Hotel is in walking distance to the underground shopping malls in downtown Montreal - major bonus, as I love to shop.Will be going back to this hotel this coming weekend, for a girls weekend out.	
Feb 25 2008 	We liked the Omni - good room size excellent service good pool and fitness	This was our first stay at the Omni. We had booked a one night stay as I was in town on business. We had a large room with a two seater sofa, very comfortable king bed, average sized bathroom and nice view towards the north with a partially obstructed view of Mount Royal and an open non-obstructed view towards the north-east. We found the valet, bell hop, front desk staff and concerige all uniformally pleasant, helpful and informative on everything from restauarnt suggestions to shopping locations and driving directions. The hotel has a very nice 1pm standard checkout policy which was very helpful for my wife for her exploration of the downtown area.The hotel has an outdoor heated pool with a connector tunnel to inside - nice touch for a city hotel. It has a free for guests fitness centre which has generous free weights, decent weight machines and ok workout machines.The room was clean, the temperature control worked perfectly and was quite large with lots of room. There was a desk, a two seater sofa and a writing desk in the room with comfortable carpeting. The bathroom was clean and decidely average in decor and was big enough for two people.I would stay here again on business and thought the $145 price for the room represented good value.	
Feb 17 2008 	Don't believe the positive reviews - or the 4 stars	The recommendation Frommer's lists for the Hotel Omni in Montreal and the star rating given to this hotel really need to be revised. Although I have traveled frequently to Montreal and stayed in a number of hotels here, I'd never stayed at the Omni. Decided to take a chance on it, given the glowing recommendation in Frommer's. What a dissapointment. Can't believe this rates as a 4 star hotel, alongside the W, Hilton, etc. I booked a &quot;premium&quot; room and it is HORRIBLE. Ancient, uncomfortable bed without enough pillows. Creaky furniture. Chipped paint. Vintage electric floorboard heaters that run too hot. Poor layout (can't watch TV from the bed) and what looks like an original bathroom from the 50's, dolled up with new bath soaps. A mess of phone and lamp wires tangled around the furniture. A desk that shakes and rattles when you type on your computer. I could go on. There's a layer of dust coating everything and the room smells musty and of cheap potpourri. This old girl is well past her expiry date. The &quot;premium&quot; room here is no better than a standard room at the ancient Sheraton down the street for far less the price. If you're coming to Montreal, go somewhere else. The Sofitel, Hilton, XIX Siecle and Place des Armes all offer much better rooms and a much nicer experience, at a similar price. What a waste of money. I really don't see any evidence of multi-million dollar renovations here. If they've been done, then they've been done poorly. Be forewarned...	
Jan 20 2008 	Good Hotel	Stayed at the Omni Hotel during the Christmas holidays. It was a nice hotel. I used the indoor self serve parking which charges per day without multiple in/out. The valet parking guy and the doorman weren't helpful when I asked them where to park for self-parking. The self-parking is about 1 block away and is underground/indoor. The gym facilities was one of the best gym facilities that I've seen in a hotel (but I generally stay at lower class hotels). I got overcharged in my minibar tab but hotel staff fixed it when I mentioned the items that I had used (I was charged for a bottle of water which I didn't use when I only used/had 2 bottles of alcohol). Wireless Internet was very stable/good and no problems connecting from my room. For the price I paid, it was a nice hotel. However, I would not pay their standard rate of over $150/night since it is expensive for the items that I use.	
Jan 14 2008 	Wonderful experience	I had a great stay at this hotel. Rooms are large, well equiped and clean. Great service and friendly staff. I'd definetly choose this hotel for my next stay in Montreal. It's close to the shopping and mount royal. I nice location. My only complaint was some of the electrical outlets did not work in the room making it hard to charge cell phones and laptops.	
Jan 8 2008	Good and Bad	First w/ the good...the Omni was in a great location and had very professional staff, specifically the concierge. They were very helpful in recommending restaurants and bars to go to. The rooms were very clean and the hotel had an upscale feel. There are always cabs in front, which is very convenient.Here's the bad...We had issues when we first checked in. The lock on our safe was missing and housekeeping didn't come the first day. The second day they called to see if we needed service. (Of course we need service!) When they did come, they left old towels and it wasn't as tidy as it should have been. Overall, we had a great trip, but would try another hotel before going back.	
Jan 5 2008 	Great location!	We got this great hotel at a great price. The location was phenomenal. We were close to all the shopping, to the bar district and to the Forum to watch a hockey game. They have this really cool outdoor heated pool that was fun to swim in with all the snow around the pool. A couple big drawbacks was that the hot tub was being cleaned or renovated or something. The other thing was the steam room was moldy. I was actually sort of scared to sit in there. However, the gym was great! I was really impressed with all the equipment. I got my workouts in everyday. Overall, the hotel was good.	
Dec 12 2007 	Amazing Value	Great location, pretty decent room, large, historically old. The pricing of hotels in Montreal is a bargain compared to almost anywhere else in North America, this place is bang for your buck!	
Nov 28 2007 	Great stay	We stayed here over the long Thanksgiving weekend and used the TravelZoo discount ($100 per night Canadian). The room was quite large and comfortable, and the hotel service was very professional. The conceirge staff was helpful in recommending places to eat nearby and in giving directions. The doormen were really friendly too!	
Nov 26 2007 	Always Consistent with Excellent Service	I'v seen a few negative reviews on the site lately, which I just don't understand. I have no idea why anyone would not love this hotel. This has to be one of the best hotels in Montreal, and it keeps up with the high standards of service that the Omni embodies. On my trip over the Labor Day weekend, I experienced the same level of service as always. I've stayed there about a dozen times in the past few years, in fact I've been there 3 times this year, and each and every time the experience has been excellent.I am always greeted warmly as soon as I get to the entrance. The concierge/valet are immediately at my side, ready to assist. They are knowledgeable and make superb recommendations and offer guidance. Several times they've gone above and beyond for me. During my stay, I was upset because I had broken a fingernail (I was about to attend a formal event, and needed a repair). Before I could ask for the nearest salon, the concierge immediately jumped on the phone, called around, and made an appointment with a salon, and gave me great directions. Then she checked back with me the next day to make sure I was happy. (I was.) The front desk people are always smiling, helpful, and friendly, and make check-in/out a breeze. I've never had a problem or sour encounter. They always remember me, and they make an effort to give me my favorite room in the hotel.The rooms have always been clean with nice furniture in good repair, comfortable bed and great linens, spotless bathroom, and ample room. The maid, turn down, and Select Guest service are prompt, and always courteous. (Well, there is that annoying guy who always wakes you a bit early to check the mini-bar, but that's the only thing I don't like about the hotel...but that is the only thing.) I've found the gym and the spa to be excellent, and as far as the complaints about parking, well what do you expect for valet service in a major downtown city? But you can't beat the location. The Wi-Fi always works well, and the restaurant and bar are good as well. I love the Omni Mont-Royal and would not dream of staying anywhere else when I'm in Montreal.	
Nov 26 2007 	Great Weekend!	We stayed at this property two years ago and decided to stay again due to it's convenient location. We weren't disappointed the second time either. Join the Select Member Club (it's free online) and you can enjoy your choice of hot and cold beverage delivered to your room every morning. The staff at the hotel were all very friendly and more than willing to help with information. We arrived quite early in the morning, and although both rooms were not ready, they allowed us to use one of the rooms. The concierge also helped us out with making a dinner reservation. Our TravelZoo special of $99 also helped with our costs. It was within walking distance to downtown sights, including the Bell Centre. We won't hesitate to go back to this hotel again (even though the Canadiens lost the hockey game)!	
Nov 22 2007 	BE CAREFUL at the Omni - An Excellent Hotel Otherwise	Our stay at the Omni in Montreal was excellent - but it came at a price. First, the MiniBar can become a hidden fee on your credit card unless you make sure to check all bills and get a copy of the checkout charges. We got billed for the MiniBar from the prior patron at the room. We were never told of the charges at time of checkout. And, not until we returned home, many many miles away, and checked our credit card - that a charge for $120 was added. If we slipped on checking the credit card bill - we would have been at a loss. The Omni did not correct the bill immediately - because it was unable to verify the MiniBar charges were NOT ours. And, because we did not have a paper copy at checkout, we had less credibility. So, forget the nice smiling faces and the joyous grandure front desk -- make sure you get a checkout receipt of all your charges. Or else you may get charged AFTER you get back home. Don't forget -- they have your credit card on file -- and can charge you.  Chasing this error back -- to being a MiniiBar Attendand error cost us (the customer) two long distance phone calls, conversations with family members -- to make sure we did not make a mistake, calls to the credit card company, and emails to omni hotel. Anytime you stay at a foreign country -- make sure you get all necessary documents -- do not rely on nice hospitality . Everybody makes a mistake.  Careful if you are traveling with Kids. They will eat the candy and not say what happened. So, Omni makes sure the candy is just about the level kids can reach -- and no LOCK. Both are recepit for disaster. And the patron will pay --- for this trick. We were lucky not to have kids with us, at this stay. But if you have kids, get all the Mini-Bar stuff out of the room. This is how they make extra money from people who just look at the smiles.	
Nov 16 2007 	Great Hotel	This hotel was great!I read the reviews prior to staying, and was a little worried. But hotel was very nice. Not sure what the people were upset about.I travel a lot, and see my share of good hotels and bad, and this one is excellent. Rooms are very spacious, very clean, with all the amenities; even bath robes, and an umbrella if it rains.1:00 check out,Staff was very friendly &amp; helpful.This hotel is closer to a 5 star hotel than a 4 star.Great location, walking distance to shopping, restaurants, Cresent St, etc...The Gym in the hotel is amazing;rows of treadmills, cardio machines, free weights, weight machines, bench press, squat racks, &amp; seperate froom for stretching. Better than most gyms you pay for.You will enjoy this hotel, i know I did; and will stay there again.	
Nov 15 2007	A sure bet - nothing spectacular but nothing less than flawless.	I stayed at the Omni entirely by accident, when my connecting flight out of YUL got cancelled, and I was stuck in one of my favorite cities for a night (poor me!). It was a weekend, during peak tourist season, and the Grand Prix was in town -- so it was exceedingly hard to find a room, and pretty much anywhere you were bound to pay through the nose.That having been said, paying through the nose for an unintended layover could not have been more pleasant, thanks to the Omni.I had been traversing airports and oceans for nearly 24 hours straight, and although it was a last-minute reservation, the front desk at the Omni took care of me quickly, and very pleasantly, while my bags were taken up to the room. Minutes after I got there, the extra towels and toiletries I requested arrived, and the concierge called up to let me know they'd managed to get me a reservation at my favorite restaurant (Au Pied de Cochon -- definitely check it out if you have a chance!). The room was rather outdated -- stuffy and old-fashioned, but large and well-maintained. After seeing the damage inflicted by three airports on the wine I had packed (note to self: invest in hardshell case), I had the hotel send up some paper towels and garbage bags for me to clean up -- also delivered promptly, given the slow elevators. After taking care of this, and washing a day's worth of air travel off of me, I lay down on the bed and fell promptly to sleep. The bed was very comfortable, though not the best I've had, but more importantly, the room was a silent as a tomb. Needless to say, I slept past my dinner reservation. Room service was adequate, but below what I'd expect from a 4-star hotel. I have yet to get a good asian meal in Montreal, though, so perhaps the Omni is not uniquely culpable.All in all, I can't think of any major flaw with the Omni here -- the room was excellent, but the service really marked it as a top-quality hotel. I don't think I've ever been quite as needy on a hotel stay, but nor have I been so graciously accomodated!It is not a terribly memorable hotel, and will disappoint anyone looking for the latest in design and amenities -- but the Omni does exactly what a good hotel should do, and does so with aplomb. On my most recent stay to Montreal (this time in the off-season), the Omni was running only $30/night more than a budget hotel, and I don't think I've ever regretted not spending extra money so much before! A sure bet, and a serene oasis in Montreal.	
Nov 14 2007 	Great Location	This Hotel is in a prime location, right inthe middle of the shopping district of Montreal. With the train just steps away it was easy to get everywhere from here. Mont Royal is just two blocks away, walk up the hill for awesome views of the city. Every place you want to go is very accessable by train. Old City, Olympic Park, the village, etc. And you are only one block from Saint Catherine street with all the famous stores and shopping. There is a hot tub and pool, which I did use in November even though it was outdoors because it is heated to 80 degrees and there is a tunnel that leads to the outside so you do not have to walk in the cold. It also has a great gym inside. The room was very spaceous and had a lot of furnature. I was a little dissappointed with the fact that they charge $27 for parking even if you are a guest. So do not stay here if you drive because parking is impossible and the meters are 5 minutes for a quarter. You will nto find parking outdoors at all. But other than that it was great.	
Oct 28 2007 	Good but not great	Decent hotel. Nothing stellar, but certainly adequate. Excellent location near the busy Rue St. Catherine. The bed was very comfortable. My non-smoking room smelled faintly of smoke. No in-room electronic safe, which was a big minus for me.	
Oct 10 2007 	Excellent stay	After reading so many poor reviews, I was worried about our upcoming stay at the Omni. We got a great deal on Priceline, but weren't sure what to expect. We were given a corner king room an hour earlier than the usual check in time - it was lovely, spacious, super comfortable bed, nice big windows. The front desk staff were real helpful, pool very nice, location awesome...really we have no complaints. A first class hotel experience.	
Sep 8 2007 	Poor Service / Noisy Room	The service at this hotel was poor from the moment we arrived. Although we arrived at 4:00pm (versus a 3:00 check in time) we were told that our room wasn't ready and &quot;might&quot; not be ready for another hour. The desk staff was in no way sensitive to our situation (we were traveling with a 1yr old who needed to nap) and it took us 25 minutes to have our request to speak to a manager honored (even though he walked by 3 times). The manager did little to help beyond give us some attitude, tell us the room would be ready in 30 minutes, offer us a drink at the bar (very practical with a 1yr old) and then offer us free breakfast. The concierge's advice with respect to restaurants, travel times and the weather report was poor. The quality of breakfast and room service was weak by 4/5 star hotel standards. It took the hotel staff 20 minutes to check us out because they couldn't figure out how to let us pay in part with excess CAD we had. Adding insult to injury was the fact that the hotel manager walked by us as his staff was visibly having trouble checking us out and said/did nothing.One of the bigger problems with this hotel was the noise level. We had read about this in other reviews on this site and figured it really couldn't be that bad. As an extra precaution, we asked for a quiet room. We unfortunately were put in front of the elevator, though I don't think another room would have made a difference. I don't know if it is the quality of construction or proximity to McGill but the room was very loud at night. You can hear every car, ambulance, school party and person in the hallway. Do not ignore this if you want a quiet hotel	
Sep 7 2007	Location Location	I spent 3 nights at the Omni. I was very disappointed at how run down the rooms were. BUT - my room was nice and large. And the location was perfect - very convenient to everything. the staff and the conceirge desk were overly helpful! I would stay here again - but would probably choose a more modern hotel next time.	
Sep 6 2007 	A Great Luxury Hotel.	We booked thru Priceline, $85 per nite [for 2 nites] for a king bed. Hotel is located on Sherbrooke St. near Peel. Pretty central for downtown Montreal. Short walks to Saint Catherine and Crescent Steets [less than 5 min.].The room: very comfortable bed, table and two chairs, couch and a huge bathroom [with bidet]. this room was big and classy. and at the price we paid, a steal. parking, $15 a day self park [no in and out] is what we did. or you can get $25 a day valet with in and out priviliges. parking is expensive and driving is crazy in montreal, so i'd recommend parking and walking or taking cabs in the city.this hotel had a great gym. as good as most fitness clubs. free weights as well as machines. many treadmills facing big windows. and a huge outdoor heated pool. and also hot tub. we were in the pool/tub all three days we were there. all facilities were clean and well maintained.concierge [Eddy] was very helpful with directions/info.we would stay here again in a heartbeat.TIPS:1) do the carriage ride thru old montreal. $45 for half hr [what we did]. Andre gave us about a 45 min ride and we tipped him generously. a little history lesson and a respite from walking. a definite highlite of this trip. [$75 for an hour tour.]2) walk saint paul st. in the old town. very quiant, like old quebec. many great restaurants, shops, art galleries...3) take drive up mount royal for view of the city. terrific view and photo op. very romantic, too. we got some great pics here. its a short walk from parking to observation area and there is a place at the top for drinks / ice cream. parking is inexpensive.	
Aug 28 2007 	Terrible service	My experience at this hotel was terrible from the moment my boyfriend and I walked up to the front desk. We booked our room through Orbitz and apparently the room had one single bed (even though the reservation was for two people). The front desk person said that since we booked through Orbitz there was nothing she could do except to offer us an upgrade; the upgrade was for $20 additional per night...thanks Bao.Thankfully we managed to booked a different hotel down the street, but unfortunately I left my watch behind. I called 30 minutes after leaving the hotel and left a message with the security desk. Since no one returned our call after three hours, we decided to walk there and had the concierge contact the security desk. After 30 minutes of waiting in the lobby the person in charge of security came up and told us that he could not find anything in the room and that he contacted the cleaning staff and nothing was found. He said he would leave a message to the person coming in at 7P and that he/she will follow up with us. We are back in the US (two days after this happened) and no call from the Omni yet...thanks Antonio. How can a 4-star hotel get such a rating with such poor customer service? I was glad to know that customer service is a priority at other hotels, but apparently not at the Omni.	
Aug 28 2007 	Never again	The Omni Montreal- is a horrible run down beat up Hotel.I was expecting something nicer than what we found. This Hotel is very worn- (nicked up stained furniture in the room- lumpy bed- nasty polyester linens (nice and itchy! )stained and torn carpets in rooms and halls, mildew in bathrooms- wallpaper that is jumping off the walls) If you are expecting a four star hotel than move on- We moved to another Hotel for an additional $120 per night- it was so worth it. If you are on a budget and want to party on Saint Catherine or Cresent- than this may be okay- if you are staying for a nice classy get away than stay someplace else!	
Aug 27 2007 	Good Location -- Tired Hotel Rooms	Just recently came back from a trip to Montreal .. Location of the hotel is excellent. Your right in the heart of downtown Montreal and easy walking distance to lots of shoping and good restaurants .. However .. Was a little surpised to find the rooms outdated .. If you need a great restaurant during your visit .. Must try 'Restaurant L'Academie' .. It's located on St.Denis and a short cab drive away .. It's a bring your own wine restaurant and there is a wine store next door.	
Aug 24 2007 	Le Dump	This place is trired with a capital T! Nothing has been re-done in over 10 years- the mattresses are lumpy as well as the pillows- rooms are dirty and furniture is nicked up- Bathrooms are full of mildew- pool area and locker rooms dirty and full of mildew as well- so Bad I would not even attempt to use the whirlpool- The 800 number made it sound like it was updated 2 years ago- Even the marble in the common areas was dirty and chipped- In the evening the whole lobby and elevators smelled like fried rice from the restaurant-Stay somewhere else-The staff was polite and friendly it is a shame that they are running place like a motel-Spend an extra $100 a nite and stay somewhere else.	
Aug 18 2007	Nice staff decent location but.....	Stayed at the Omni last week.....very nice and polite staff at reception. I requested a &quot;very quiet&quot; room. I was put up on the 14th floor in a corner room. Room was over a stop light on a pretty busy corner......I am not a light sleeper, but I do wake up when a car engine blasts through the window....all night long the noise from the street made it impossible to sleep. Montreal night clubs are open until 3am, and people then drive around looking for more fun, so the noise level died down only around 5am-5:30am where I did manage to get an hour of sleep. Their windows only &quot;seem&quot; to be single paned, so that does cause a problem. In the room there was a side window that had a wooden type shade used for coverage.....light was able to seep through to light up the entire room....they use a blackout curtain for the large window which does a great job, but it's useless as this side window allows the light to shine through and there is nothing that can be done. I tried to rig up one of the blankets for coverage, but this did not work (yes, it did feel like I was on a hidden camera show...haha...). I called to complain about noise and was given a room that looked over the courtyard/swimming pool.....definitely do this when you book as the noise from the cars goes away...the only thing is that their was a huge garbage dumpster back there that got emptied around 6am, so that will wake you up as well. This room also had a small window with the wooden shades, so it was impossible to make the room dark in the morning there as well. In regard to noise from other rooms, you can hear doors close/slam all night long as well. Conversations in the hallway easily penetrate the room door. This place was obviously not designed to keep the noise out of it's rooms....one plus though is that there were no foot steps from above. Besides that....location is about a 40 minute walk to Old Montreal and the Port....easy enough to do. Also very close by to Dorchester Square where many tours begin. The normal room service was pricey, but they do have a Chinese restaurant below that offers room service with great food/huge portions for reasonable prices. Get the Salmon in Black Bean sauce for $18 and the Singapore Noodles with Pork and Shrimp for $9.00....you will be happy. Would I stay here again? Probably not, as sleep is pretty important to me when I stay at a hotel...haha.	
Aug 14 2007 	Pleasant Stay at the Omni	We were not sure where to stay in Montreal. There are many choices. We were very happy we chose the Omni. The room was lovely with a beautiful view of the city. It was just the right size and very clean. The staff was pleasant and helpful. The location perfect. When returning to Montreal, we will stay at the Omni. Thank you.	
Aug 13 2007 	Treated like a queen	My husband and I really enoyed staying here for 4 nights on our first trip to Montreal. The location was great and we felt we got a good deal from booking.com of $139 CAD per night. I had registered for their select guest program and really enjoyed our complimentary hot chocolate and juice in the morning. The bathroom was large and I belive the bed was a King. Overall, lots of space. We used the pool/sundeck a lot and were impressed with the facilities. The only time we needed front desk assistance was when my sunglasses broke and the concierge WALKED us to the nearest optical place!My criticisms of Omni are minor - tub/toilet/sink all seemed slightly clogged and didn't drain fully. The decor was not to my personal (more contemporary) tastes. Bed sagged slightly in the middle.We had requested a high-up room and were place about halfway up the hotel. Except for sirens, we heard no street noise.	
Aug 11 2007	Great hotel wonderful service	Central location, beautiful decor, excellent service, warm and helpful staff. They even found an electrical transformer for me ! Slight changes needed with curtains and furniture, otherwise -- fantastic experience.	
Aug 10 2007 	Lovely hotel in a great city	This is a gracious, old fashioned hotel . We had a large room with two beds and nice bathroom. The beds were comfortable and the easy chair was a great place to sit up all night reading the latest Harry Potter novel after a midnight purchase at the McGill bookstore. The staff were very helpful when I had to have documents couriered to me at the hotel after my wallet was stolen on my first night in town. Being in such a professional and well-outfitted hotel certainly helped my get through a stressful time. McGill University is just across the street and they have a McGill parents rate.	
Aug 8 2007 	Unpretentious Luxury with a Warm Welcome	This was the first vacation visit to Montreal for my wife and me. The problem with this hotel is that it sets one's expectations for everything else in Montreal at such a very high bar. And Omni's Select Guest program brings that bar up even higher. The greeting that we received on the driveway the minute that we arrived set the stage for a wonderful visit. I was immediately given parking options of full valet or reasonably priced self-park. We always felt as though we were the hotel's most important guests (but I guess that everyone else does, too.) Check-in was friendly and efficient and everything was in order without us saying a word. Bellboy service was as professional as we have ever seen. This is not Motel 6. If you do not appreciate beautifully decorated spacious rooms with tapestry drapery, luxurious bedding, invitingly comfortable seating and work areas, a corkscrew and clean stemware, invisible wireless Internet service, a great shower, terry robes, soft, thick and plentiful towels, full bathroom amenities, (and even a bidet), go there instead. The health club and pool at the Hotel Omni Mont-Royal is equally top-notch. It is clean, spacious, meticulous in design and competently staffed. And just as it is on a table in the main lobby, there is a bowl of complimentary fresh fruit at the club's reception desk. And restaurant/lounge service was at the same level as everything else. We never had to ask; it was just there - settings, refills, extras - and always smiling, professional, and courteous.If we had to find anything in need of attention, it might be the elevator's computer. The fast, smooth domed elevators are finished in rich woods. But often there were more than several people waiting for a minute or two when two cars arrived simultaneously. Of course while waiting, we were able to enjoy very lovely and comfortable surroundings.Although everything that we saw was new, fresh, luxurious and clean, the dated-old-fashioned elegance and service kept us delighted. We liked the pampering, and we regret that the Hotel Omni Mont-Royal has spoiled us.	
Aug 3 2007 	Great base for a Montreal vacation	My husband and I enjoyed our recent 5 night stay at the Omni. We arrived on a Friday around noon; a room was available but not on the high floor that we had requested as Select Guest members (we were a little flustered to hear our preferences for a king-sized bed, non-smoking room, and high floor referred to as &quot;so many requests that it will be hard to accomodate&quot; however) , so we stored our luggage for a few hours and wandered around downtown. We quickly realized that the hotel is well-situated, close to the Peel metro, McGill University, bookstores, multiple coffee shops, bustling St. Catherine street, L'Entrecote St. Jean and L'Actuel (and lots of other restaurants including Chez Cora, Eggspectation, and the Montreal Bread Company), the Musee des Beaux Arts, Booster Juice, and multiple ports of entry to the Underground City, and within walking distance of the planetarium and several gelaterias to boot.When we checked in to our room of many requests several hours later, we were rewarded by a nice corner room on the 31st floor with a view of the city. The room was clean and spacious, the bathroom sparkling. The bathrobe and umbrella in the closet were nice touches as well. The king-sized bed was really really comfortable, and the curtains (though slightly outdated) did a nice job of keeping the sun out. The TV had plenty of channels and the small guidebook in the armoire was helpful in finding nearby places to eat.We never made it to the pool or gym but free access to guests is a very good deal.The hotel was quiet and the housekeeping staff kindly respected the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign no matter what time of morning it was.Overall, we had a wonderful stay at the Omni. My only complaints are that we never got turndown service after the first day, and we were not offered the Select Guest rewards of morning beverage and newspaper at check-in or later in our stay (I guess we should have asked but the comment about &quot;so many requests&quot; put us off quite a bit).In summary, a nice stay with a few bumps along the way.	
Jul 28 2007 	ok hotel dated rooms	I got this hotel for a $90 bid on priceline, which was a pretty fair price for this hotel. The hotel staff was great, especially Anne Marie at the concierge desk. The lobby and public areas are very nice. I did not try the restaurant or bar. I stayed in room #2109 it was ok but pretty dated. The bathroom lighting was terrible and the in-room safe has a key instead of a combination lock, so you have to keep up with the key. A sign on the safe also states that the safe is not safe for valuables, so use the safe downstairs. The furniture, drapes, and carpet all are dated, not bad just tired.The rooms has huge windows, mini bar, coffee service and good toiletries and one robe. The bed was good but not as luxurious as you might want. Overall a good hotel but I wouldn't say 4 star. The location on Sherbrooke is great, one block from the Peel metro stop, 4 blocks to St. Catherine or the restaurant scene on Rue Crescent. McGill is across the street and the Beux Arts museum is also about 4 blocks away.	
Jul 26 2007 	Thumbs up Omni - You are simply the best Hotel in Montreal!!	I stayed at the Omni for the 4th year in a row during the Montreal International Jazz Fest. My room had a gorgeous view of Mount Royal and Sherbrooke Street and was on a high level as I had requested. Bravo to housekeeping for their efforts to keep my room clean every day with plenty of towels and toiletries. The Omni Select Guest program is one of the best amenities they have. I have stayed at other hotels in the area and I dont know of any other hotel in Montreal that offers the guest coffee, juice and the morning paper brought to their room at the time they want it all Free! The Omni has never let me down with their first class service and friendly attitude. If those of you are reading this and have children, the Omni is kid friendly too. Omni staff, thanks so very much for making my stay in Montreal a happy one...I will be back soon :)	
Jul 23 2007 	Absolutely loved the Omni Mont-Royal	I stayed in this hotel for the second time in July, 2007. For the prices that I paid for both visits through promotions I found on the net, this is the best hotel experience I have had in years. The staff are efficient and friendly from the moment you arrive to the moment you leave, the rooms have fantastic views of the City, the beds and linens and towels are superior, great toiletries and a wonderful restaurant right in the hotel. Last year I rented a suite and had my daughter come to visit for a few nights. She had her own bathroom and that was also great value. Onsite pool, sauna and great fitness room make this my favourite Montreal Hotel, which has been maintained and refurbished to perfection.	
Jul 10 2007 	Excellent Stay	I booked a hotel room online. It was about $150 bucks. I didn't have high expectations...however I was pleasantly surprised on my arrival. We arrived at 12:30, much earlier than the regular check-in time. It was a quick check-in. I had paid for a deluze room but I think we ended up getting a premium room. The room was gorgeous, spaciuos, clean, and had a huge window. The view on the 17th floor overlooked the pool and buildings...nothing special but it was still nice to have a view cause I don't think I was supposed to get one. Everything is close to this hotel. We mostly walked everywhere, however the taxi isn't expensive to take. We dined at a seafood place on St Laurant street...it was the best seafood I've ever eaten! My boyfriend and I got the dinner for two which was I think was 70 bucks. In total our meal came to 150 bucks, with wine. Overall, I would highly recommend this hotel, and the restaurant we ate at.	
Jul 10 2007	The Unfortunate Truth	It saddens me to write this but after reading the glowing reviews I began to question whether I stayed at the same hotel as my fellow reviewers. Having stayed here several times in the past ,we were looking forward to a return visit four years later.Although there is really not much of a lobby to speak of, it was clean and had a few chairs and tables but certainly nothing that would invite you to spend any time there. The carpet in our room was quite stained and dirty. I needed to plug in an electrical appliance and was disgusted at what I found behind the headboard along with years of dust. The one sitting chair was stained and the furniture scratched and chipped. The beds were quite uncomfortable although the comforter and sheets were way above average (perhaps to disguise the rundown beds).The front desk although courteous seemed understaffed and abrupt. Several times throughout our stay I was put on hold only to give up after five minutes and recall. Calling the concierge I found them to be friendly however, they needed to refer me to the front desk as they could not address my questions.The bellman was very pleasant but told me he needed $20 cash to park the car overnight. I also tipped him five dollars for taking my suitcase out of the car and $10 to a second bellman who brought it to my room.The kids were excited to take a swim in the pool only to find out that it was closing in five minutes (9 p.m.). The following morning we did go down to the pool and found it to be very &quot;kid unfriendly&quot; consisting of three roped off lap lanes clearly designed to cater to the gym crowd. The swim tunnel had chewing gum stuck in various places in the plexiglas was so scratched and dirty it was hard to see through. Although I did not use the gym I did walk through and notice all of the usual machines seemingly in good order.Unfortunately I did use the men's locker room and found it to be in less than acceptable condition. The hotel apparently derives additional revenue by opening this up for local gym membership to the outside as 70% of the lockers had padlocks on them. The showers appeared moldy, the ceiling stained, doors under the sink unhinged, hair dryers caked with soap and old shaving cream, a feeble attempt at putting out a few paper cups for mouthwash some combs one can of shaving cream but no razors, one scale and it was broken, no additional towels other than the undersized frayed towel issued at the check-in desk. I could go on and on.... the entire facility seemed old ,neglected and dirty. On the day of our departure we attempted to get a late check out and were told that the hotel was sold out for that evening. In the end they did reluctantly tell us that we could stay until 2 p.m. keyword being reluctantly.As we did not have much luggage to begin with, we carried our own bags down to the car and found that it was just as well since there appeared to be only one bellman who was attempting to help 4 different people.Overall this hotel in my opinion is in need of some immediate attention. A smiling doorman and a pleasant concierge do not make a four-star hotel.	
Jul 9 2007 	Excellent Full Service Hotel in Great Location!	Just returned from a two night stay at the Omni Mont-Royal in Montreal. This was absolutely the best hotel stay I have ever had. The hotel staff were friendly, polite and extremely efficient. The room was large, very clean and had a very comfortable bed. The bar on the main level, Petit Opus, was excellent - good food, excellent service. The Amerispa, located in the hotel's lower level, was absolutely incredible. The hotel itself was only about a five block walk from the Train Station and all but one block can be done through the underground city, shielding you from inclement weather. You are only one block from the Metro and many excellent restaurants and boutiques are within a few block radius - lunch at Alexander's was incredible, and the shopping in the underground city &amp; on Ste. Catherine Street is fabulous. Something for everyone. An absolutely awesome hotel, and one I will definitely be going back to on my next visit.	
Jul 5 2007 	Beware the parlor room	I booked a room for 2 online for the Omni in Montreal. It was a good rate compared to other hotels listed as 4 stars. When we arrived the man at the check-in desk, who turned out to be the manager, informed us that we had booked a &quot;parlor room&quot; which had a sofa bed. If we wanted a room with a proper bed we would have to pay an additional $35+taxes per night. We decided to check out the room. The room was filled with furniture - table and chairs, coffee table, lounge suite,dresser, TV armoire - but for a bed there was a cot. The cot was 3 feet wide and not big enough for 2. We went back to check-in and asked that they give us a room that was suitable for two people. When my wife politely asked why we were sentto a room that clearly sleeps one, the manger asked her why she was being rude to him. This was not the type of response that we expectedbased on the hotel's description of itself and its service. After 15 minutes of front desk confusion we were sent to another room. This time with a pull out sofa bed. We accepted this room, mainly because we were late for a show we had booked. This bed was terrible. The mattress is very thin and bowed toward the center. Springs poked into my back. I should have slept on the floor. After a lousy nights sleep I am looking into my options. We booked and pre-paid for 3 nights, but if I can get my money back for the remaining nights I am leaving.I am a frequent traveler and have never encountered beds like these in a 4 star hotel. I think most travelers would agree that the two top criteria for a room would be &quot;clean room and bathroom&quot; and &quot;comfortable bed&quot;. I do not understand why the Omni chose to fill these rooms with superfluous furniture and leave out the most important part - a comfortable bed.I looked again on-line and the description of the &quot;parlor room&quot; was indeed parlor with sofa bed. I naively assumed that any beds in a so-called luxury hotel would have been acceptable. Caveat emptor.I would avoid this hotel because of its beds and its poor service. Instead of trying to offer a better solution, the manager tried to up-sell us on another room. If I had known that the beds were so terrible when I was booking I would have factored in the additional $35/night to get a decent bed and booked elsewhere.	
Jul 2 2007 	Extremely impressed	We stayed at the Omni in late June 2007 for two nights on a family vacation in Montreal. I was travelling with my wife and our eight month old son.The front desk staff were extremely helpful and understanding of the challenges of travelling with a baby. We arrived around 11:00am on the day of check-in and the front desk staff provided us with an early check-in. On our check-out day, the staff provided us with a 3:00pm check-out (two hours past their already generous 1:00pm check-out) to allow us to change our son and get him ready away from the scortching heat before our 4:00pm train. A crib was volunteered at check-in.The hotel room was not only clean and tastefully decorated, it was huge.The concierge desk was excellent and helped to plan a few our our excursions.We have stayed at other four star hotels (Sheraton Seattle recently) and we were MUCH MORE impressed with the Omni and its excellent staff than we have been elsewhere.	
Jul 2 2007 	very nice stay	I had a two day stay recently at the Omni in a junior suite. I booked online, I am an Omni &quot;Select Guest.&quot; During the booking process, I had to cancel once, then booked the next day moving my dates. Lost my promotional preference on the website as a result (grr programmers, set a cookie for this kind of thing).During room booking I was given the option to let the hotel know about a check-in time, which I did (which was in advance of the standard time). On arrival my room keys and information was ready, this was very nice and efficient. I like this concept, minimizes the fuss and gets you to your room quickly.However when I booked in at the front desk, I was on the 4th floor... previous reviews of this hotel complained about street noise, so I asked to be moved up. This request was treated very well, some juggling was done and I was moved up to the 20th floor without a complaint. That room was not ready yet, so they let me change clothes in the gym and leave my luggage with the concierge.On my return, the promotional gift for select guest members was not there (bottle of wine), I put a call down to the front desk and there was some handwaving and I got the bureaucratic version that since the booking didn't specify it on checkin they were not able to do anything about it right now. I felt that was a bit petty given a guest dropping $650 for a couple of nights in a suite, and that the bottle of wine was probably a $10 item. I took it up by firing off an email to the Omni Select Guest program and figured that was the end of it. The location of this hotel is excellent, on Sherbrooke street close to McGill University, and a couple of blocks from all the fun stuff in the area around Crescent street with shopping all around. Nice to be a short and enjoyable walk to the nightlife without standing in the middle of it. Cabs always available at the hotel entrance for airport, etc.The room itself I found to be very large and spacious, it was in good condition, two well appointed bathrooms. In-room WiFi was complimentary, I think this is a GREAT GREAT GREAT thing (sorry for the emphasis) as it I think is very irritating to check into other four/five star hotels and get smacked with $15/$20 per day charges to use internet services. Given that low-end hotels routinely provide free Wi-Fi, it's just another way to gouge the client when they bill these crazy amounts for internet service. So, tip of the hat to you Omni for your internet policy. The net service was solid.On the second day, a manager called up about the bottle of wine thing, was concerned about working out how the problem happened (which is smart, looking to the source of the issue rather than slapping a bandaid on the problem and satisfying the immediate customer concern only), and also offered a bottle of wine on the house to make up for the missing one. I was asked my preference as well, which was very nice. I was impressed that someone revisited the issue and with the way it was handled.I found the room to be on the quiet side, even though it was right in front of the elevators, which was greaet. Street noise not an issue at all on the 20th floor, view was mostly good, one big building across the street but you see a lot of the city. I'm not a TV watcher so can't comment on that, bed was comfortable and I slept well. Two robes provided, toiletries satisfactory and always good to find Q-tips available. Turn-down service was delivered around 9, not a big deal to me, if I'm in the room I decline but I know some people care and it's important. Mini-bar was well stocked, snacks and beverages, half-bottle of red wine was a surprisingly enjoyable one though I forget now what it was. Usually you get something kind of unremarkable but I enjoyed this one.I would really rank the hotel, the stay, and the staff at 4.5 out of 5, 4 is too low for the quality of my stay but I felt it was just shy of 5. The only thing that stops me from making it perfect, is that the in-room dining menu was kind of disappointing and &quot;american standard fare.&quot; You know, your steak, club sandwich, grilled chicken, etc.On the good side, the hotel is connected to two restaurants in Petit Opus and Zen. I've ordered out from Zen before, and I guess I was under the impression that the in-room dining would feature food from Zen, which I was looking forward to. In hindsight, I guess I should have called down for a delivery? Seems like an odd and round-about thing to be considering. Anyway, that is the suggestion I'd make, maybe it is there and I missed it somehow, but would be nice to get that food from Zen easily into my room and into me!There's either three or four elevators, hotel is 30 floors and was mildly busy when I was there. Elevators do matter, frustrating when there are not enough, and the setup was more than adequate for the size and height of the hotel. They are quite close to the front door, also nice, getting in and out of the hotel is efficient. I'm a programmer so I care about this kind of thing by nature! No wasted time.Hopefully that is enough detail to illustrate my stay.Overall Omni, very well done on the hotel and the stay, errors and mistakes happen and it's normal, the true test is always in how you deal with them and you dealt with my small issue very well in the end. I would easily recommend this hotel and would be very happy to stay here again, and would not give a second thought to making this my first choice in Montreal. I will definitely grab a take-out menu from Zen next time though though!	
Jun 29 2007 	Great Hotel - Great Location	Hotel Omni Mont - Royal. Walking from outside you will never expect to see the incredible surprise about the great Lobby they have. Not only very classy, but also beautiful. From the furniture to the lighting. Check in was very easy and the staff was very friendly. (That is a plus for me). All staff was bilingual, especially Julie at the Guess Services desk, she was very helpful and very friendly. We had a room in the 31st floor. Having a room in the highest floors helps regarding the noise outside. However, all is part of the experience. This is a hotels located in the middle of downtown Montreal. Listening to the outside noise is part of the great experience that is Montreal. Any hotel located in Downtown will have the same noise background. The room was very clean and perfect. The bathroom was huge, and very clean. We called several times the housekeeper for different reasons, and they helped us every time. A+++ for housekeeping. The view from the room, PRICELESS. There is nothing to describe the view from our room. We decided to go and have dinner at ZEN, the Restaurant at the Hotel. Another GREAT surprise. ZEN Restaurant was not only very nice and comfortable, but the food was &quot;INCREDIBLE&quot;. We eat so much, and tried many different plates, also the waiter was extremely friendly and helpful.Did I mention the free wireless Internet? ohh yes. In addition, if you are a &quot;Select Guess&quot; (it’s free), you get free coffee and newspaper in the morning, delivered to your room. WOW. Also, if you decide to go out and try one of the many restaurants in Montreal, you are just feet away from them and the metro station is next door. We did not go to the Spa, but everybody knew is the best around. Maybe next time. I travel a lot for work (IM a flight attendant) and for fun, and stay at great Hotels around the world, including other Omni Hotels, but I have to give the Omni Mont Royal another star and Diamond for such a great time we had there. Next time we go to Montreal, definitely this hotel will be our choice.	
Jun 27 2007 	Excellent location great gym	Great hotel, formerly the Four Seasons. Central location, short walk to business or shopping. One of the best fitness facilities in a hotel, lots of equipment, modern and up to date in excellent conditon, pool, hot tub, steam rooms in the mens and womens change room and some exercise classes.Also offers free wireless high speed internet.Parking at the hotel expensive 23$ but not out of norm for a downtown parking lot in the area.	
Jun 21 2007 	Nice place for the price but some issues.	I am usually a big fan of Omni hotels b/c they are consistent and clean. I have to say that I was a bit disappointed with the property in Montreal. For the price, it was a great deal, but the room needed renovating and the carpet was stained. The bathroom was spotless, which made up for it, and again, the price was great, but not what I would expect from Omni.What most disappointed me about my stay was when I was leaving Sunday morning, I wanted a soda for the car ride home and there were not any stores open before 9am. There was also no vending machine in the hotels - so I went to the cafe where breakfast was being served and asked for a soda to go. I was charged $4.50 for the can of soda. I was outraged by this and can't believe that the Omni would take advantage of their customers in such a way. If you don't provide a vending machine then you should not charge anymore for a soda to go then if i sat and drank it in the restaurant. This really left me with a bad taste in my mouth. And I am a select guest member.	
May 29 2007 	Omni was so so	Overall, I was not impressed by this hotel. I was told that I would be able to check in early prior to my arrival. I arrived at 1pm and was unable to check in until 2:30pm. The room was spacious although decor was a little dated. The bathroom was a good size. The only other positive was that we received a complimentary upgrade and free drink service in the morning.Now the rest of the story....this is a very noisy hotel. I was situated on the 20th floor and could clearly hear the noise from the streets below throughout the night! We also awoke at 3 am to sounds of several drunk people on our floor. This is not something that could have been controlled by the hotel but added to an overall average experience. Parking is close to the hotel but not connected to the hotel and did not find a direct connection to the hotel.There are other very good hotels in Montreal that are well priced including Le Centre Sheraton and the Fairmont Queen Elizabeth. Having stayed in Montreal several times, I would recommend the above two over the Omni Mont Royal.	
May 19 2007 	Nice but not complete luxury	The hotel was nice but a little disappointing. The room was large but was quite dirty...not acceptable for a &quot;luxurious hotel.&quot; Location was nice but would not stay here again...would go to the Fairmont or Ritz instead for the price.	
May 12 2007 	very nice stay	I had only hoped the Omni would be adequate. I selected it because Omni's are generally OK and I could get two free nights with points. That plus the downtown location sold me.Well, the hotel turned out to be outstanding. For one thing, they have a select guest program. It's free and you enroll online. As a Select Guest you get a room upgrade if available and they deliver coffee to your room each morning, gratis. If you are like me, this is a wonderful thing.Downtown is a great place to stay in Montreal. Lots to do and see in walking distance and easy access to the metro.This hotel had an outstanding concierge who arranged restaurant reservations for us and gave us guidance on everything from where to find a laundromat to best local breakfast. They also mailed our postcards for us.The room was large and very comfortable. One night the hotel sent up a plate of chocolate dipped strawberries. Why? I have no idea but they were delicious.I am very happy we stayed at the Omni during our recent trip to Montreal and I would recommend it to anyone who wants a comfortable downtown stay.	
May 12 2007 	Service surpasses style	Great location for our needs and close to the Metro (Peel stop) ....the room itself was very clean .. the decor was outdated ...but who cares because the beds were perfect... the front desk and concierge were friendly and helpful from assistance with maps and directions to postage...we were so busy I didn't try the pool or spa	
Apr 27 2007 	That's what I call express-check in!	We were there with our friends for a week-end and I must say the hotel was very nice. The front desk staff was really friendly and organized. The fastest check I ever experienced; it took 2minutes; just swiped the credit card for icidentals. The room keys were already there waiting for us before we even checked in. The rooms were really nice and the amenities were great.Great location and just a few blocks away from Chez Corra a famous breakfast place in Montreal. The price we paied for this hotel was outstanding and I would definitely recommend it to anyone.	
Apr 24 2007	Omni Mount Royal a great deal!	I just spent the weekend at the Omni Mount Royal in Montreal. The hotel is in a great location at the corner of Peel and Sherbrooke in downtown Montreal. The hotel itself is lovely and the service wonderful. Rooms are spacious and charming. Even the amenities are great. We didn't eat in the hotel dining rooms but we did have room service for breakfast and it was very nice. The hotel has an outdoor heated pool open all year on the third floor which was a real treat. The only issue I had was that the hottub near the pool but indoors was not heated well and was quite tepid in temperature. Overall I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to fellow travellers.	
Apr 24 2007 	A few problems	I stayed 5 days at the Omni Mont-Royal from April 18th-22nd. Let me start off by saying I'm not the type of person to complain. I hate confrontation, so for me to complain then there must have been a significant problem.I would have been better off staying at the 3-star Hyatt and saving $100.During my entire stay the bellmen/doormen were absent; however, the front desk clerk pleasantly greeted me with &quot;we were expecing you.&quot;I signed up for the free OMNI &quot;select guest&quot; program which entiled me to 2 free cans of coke each morning, newspaper, and king/non-smoking room preferences even though I booked on an internet site. The in-room coffee was superb.I had asked for a high floor on 3 different occassions prior to my arrival. The hotel has 31- floors but I was only granted the 10th floor. The front desk clerk made a big deal on how it was a CORNER room, so i didnt argue with him.The room I was assigned (1002) turned out to be one big problem after another. The Air Conditionong was broken and did not work at all ,so I had to open the window. The shower head was plastic with some massive water-saving device so the water barely came out . The noise from the corner of Sherbrook and Peel was overwhelming and made it impossible to sleep. The mattress was so lumpy you could see the &quot;un-evenness&quot; even with the comforter on the bed. The windows were dirty and needed a good cleaning. I could hear my neighbors (teeneagers) at all hours. The hotel allows barking dogs/pets.After 2 days I asked to be changed to a diferent room because I couldnt take it any more. To his credit, a different front desk clerk quickly gave me another room 11 floors higher (room # 2102). This was one of the best hotel rooms I ever had. It was the same room size as my original room (1002), just 11 floors higher with a WORKING air conditioner and a different shower head (metal/ no water saver).The shower head in room 2102 was excellent and should be the standard at all OMNI hotels. I'm sure the future guest of room 1002 would pay extra to take a shower which has actual good water pressure like in room 2102 .The bottom line is the quality of your stay will solely depend on the individual room you get at the OMNI Mont-Royal. Every room isn't standard. They are equiped with different shower heads, mattresses,etc. Ever wonder why some reviews are glowing and some are negative? People get the same size room, but give different reviews because each room isnt standard.The only problem in my new room was that bathtub drain would CLOG after 5 minutes of shower use, and start to over flow. It needs DRANO.The noise level from the street is atrocious from the 10th floor and downward. Soundproofing the windows would be a wise investment, as well as the hallway noise through the doorway.The mattress was so lumpy and uneven that I had to reverse the pillows and put my head where my feet would usually go , and put my feet towards the head board. The OMNI needs FIRM mattresses. The mattress I had was so soft it would swallow me in.The cleaning staff was excellent and respected my &quot;do not disturb sign&quot; , even into the afternoon. The views were absoutely beautiful from my corner room. The hotel is in a very desirable, safe location near the Peel metro and Saint Catherine street. I would advise not leaving the mini-bar key in your hotel room while away and make an inventory of what is there when you arrive.The conceirge informed me it would cost $5 to use the internet for 15 minutes in the business center, when all I had to do was make changes to my airline reservation. Not everyone can take advantage of their free wireless internet. I spoke to a differennt conceirge 2 days later who allowed me to use the intenrt for free for 10 minutes. Again, like the rooms, it's all which one you get.If I would have been given room 2102 in the first place I would given the OMNI a 9/10 rating; however, when half my stay was spent sleepless, and the last day is a travel day it kinda ruins my entire vacation when I dont get a good nights sleep at my hotel..To their credit the conceirge gave me an excellent tip for sight-seeing on Mont Royal: take a taxi to the &quot;Chalet&quot; house observation deck in the park. Cost about $15 taxi each way.I asked the front desk clerk at 1am for a 24-hour place to eat. He recommened Dunn's. This is the worst restaurant I have ever eaten at in my life. I couldnt even finish my meal it was so bad. Avoid Dunn's smoke-meat restaurant for late-night eating. I recommend getting the 7-day metro pass for $19 CAD which is only $2 more than the 3-day pass.My fave restaurants are the Jardin Nelson, the Keg on St. Paul, and Gibby's. All are located in Old Montreal.The IGA store in Complex des Jardins is wesome and Cafe Depot is open until 2am on weekends.The OMNI Mont-Royal has some of the best staff in the hotel industry. I give them much credit and high marks on their well-trained staff. The OMNI Mont-Royal has a lot of potential and I want to like it. I just wish they would make sure the A/C works before assigning a room, and make sure the shower head actually has decent pressure. The 4 things I look for in a good hotel are : firm mattress, individually controlled A/C that works, strong shower pressure , and QUIET soundproof room. It can make the difference between ruining a 4 day vacation or making it great.	
Apr 20 2007 	Great Stay	Our stay was April 17&amp; 18th and after encountering horrible weather conditions and a long drive we were thankful to finally reach our destination and was looking forward to relaxing at the Omni. Front desk was friendly , check in was speedy and our request for a kingbed/highfloor/city view/smoking was honored. We are a select member and the extra touches are greatly appreciated.......morning beverage,chocolate treat, newspaper,turn down service with weather report and chocolates ! We were on the 30th floor and the city view was marvelous..we moved our couch across from the window and enjoyed the night skyline . Room wasn't huge but it had a couch/desk /tv armoire coffee maker table, large round table and one chair. Mini bar was used as a bed night table....clever use of space. King bed was very comfortable with a nice down blanket cozied between two sheets. Bathroom was basic but very clean with an added bidet perhaps? hahaha could have been for the guys to use..I'm just not sure. We took advantage of the outdoor pool the next morning as it was a nice sunny day. A dip in the hot tub afterwards was just what we needed.The spa/gym pool area is quite nice, especially the locker room that carries the little extras such as shaving foams, hairspray, body deodorants and washes , cotton balls q-tips , hair dryer etc.to use after a workout.The only downfall was at the time of check in they ran out of minibar keys which we could have used after our drive however we just scooted to the bar and had a drink there instead and forgot to ask for one on our way back to the room Also..we didn't receive bathrobes which I could have put to use, but no biggy ! Our room was very clean and service all around was great. It's those little touches mentioned above that make the Omni a wonderful place to stay in my opinion. On leaving... the doorman was very informative on directions and I left feeling like I should just turn around and check back in again. I will make sure to book a spa treatment before I arrive next visit so its already on my schedule :) Never enough time !	
Apr 18 2007	Classic style hotel with great location	The Omni Mont Royal started its life many years ago as a Four Seasons hotel and it shows. The lobby is small but formal and the rooms are all classic country manor house formal decor with mahogany furniture and formal furnishings. The age of the hotel shows mostly in the bathrooms. One much need upgrade since my last visit was the in room wi-fi - which thankfully was included in the room rates. Beds and pillows were comfortable as always, but the noise levels from the street remain an issue - as is true in most Montreal hotels. I had a Jr Suite which is very spacious and has 2 full baths, 2 TV's, a VHS/DVD player, a large sitting area with a smallish desk. Live plants make the room feel more personal. Even though the decor is very formal, but the hotel isn't stuffy and staff is much nicer than at the Ritz Carlton.The Omni sits on Sherbrook just a short walk to St Cathrine's and the shops. Maybe 4 blocks from the restaurant area around Rue de la Montagne. The Grey Lines bus depot is also just five minutes walk. You are a taxi ride from Old Montreal.Room service is prompt and decent food, but as usual it's pricey. They have the Opus Bar where you can catch a sandwich or other light meal B/L/D and Zen, a popular Chinese restaurant on the lower level. The drinks at the bar were OK, but seemed a bit weak. The bartender was a delightful man and very helpful to all the guests, even making dinner reservations for a group when the concierge was busy. They serve a small selection of hor dourves between 5 and 7 PM included with drinks.They do need to upgrade their TV to something more modern and bell staff was surprisingly absent, as was the doorman most days. The plumbing is showing its age, but remains good and housekeeping is excellent.Overall, the Omni just misses being a 5*, but it's a solid 4*+	
Apr 10 2007 	Great Hotel!	Stayed at the Omni for 3 nights, April 6 - 9th. Found the hotel to be absolutely beautiful and the staff were very friendly. As we speak no french what so ever we are always a bit hesitant to stay in places where the language barrier could be an issue but it certainly was not at this hotel. Everyone spoke English to us and were quite helpful. The room was lovely , on the 26th floor so we had a great view of the city and water. Bathroom was huge . Bed was so comfy. Lots of mirrors for the ladies as well as a lit makeup mirror in the bathroom. Pool was fabulous, nice and warm which was wonderful after a long trip. The location was fabulous with lots of shopping and restaurants. As others have said , make the short trip to Eggspectation for breakfast, its a must! We drove to Montreal so we had our vehicle with us but with the location you don't really ever need to use it plus it is much easier to take a cab. My only negative comment would be that parking was very high, $26.50 per day. Will definitely go back on our next trip! J. Landry, Ont.	
Apr 2 2007 	Excellent Omni Property right near McGill University	Stayed at the property for a brief conference March 21-23rd 2007. As a Select Guest member, my upper floor request was granted (29th floor) and was delighted to receive complimentary morning beverage of my choice delivered to my room on time, with fresh flowers. Excellent added touch. Select Guest membership is free, I highly recommend signing up as the perks are fantastic. Room very spacious, king size bed extremely comfortable. Classic, elegant room decor; large washroom. Very quiet on the 29th floor, no city noise whatsoever. Not enough hotels have recycling bins (the blue ones) in the rooms; this should be considered. Room-service was promptly delivered and very delicious. Would certainly stay again and highly recommend.	
Mar 26 2007 	Very Comfortable Hotel	Similar experience to other reviewers i.e. booked through Expedia requesting double room (smoking). Booked 2 months in advance and confirmed with hotel 2 days before arriving but on arrival where given twin bedded room. Explanation from receptionist is that they are advised number of rooms to hold for internet customers but are not aware of bed situation. So it depends on what rooms are available on the day you arrive! Evenutally, we were given double bedded room which was very comfortable and spotlessly clean as was the bathroom. Eating and drinking in the Hotel is quite expensive as is Room Service/Mini Bar. Buffet breakfast Can$19.50 each plus taxes 13% plus service charge 15%. In Montreal City all service charge is 15% not 10% as expected. For Breakfast you should go to EGG Spectation (about 4 blocks away on Maisonneuve Street - ask at Hotel for directions) as advised in previous report. Excellent food, eggs of every description, crepes etc. Very reasonably priced from Can$5. Otherwise, loads of little coffee houses on every street. We went to Chez Cora's also but Egg Spectation better choice. Restaurant for evening - go to Vargas Steakhouse Sushi Bar on Rene Levesque. Complimentary Car over and back to your hotel again. Check with front desk in hotel, they will do all the organising!. Oh don't forget the tip. Actually hotel has the menus of different restaurants so you can decide there and then where you want to go. We had no problems whatsoever with the Omni Mont Royal once we got our bedroom that was requested. One other point, if you book your hotel room through internet sources, you are unable to claim back Global Tax Refund 6%. If you book directly with the hotel yourself by phone or email, you can claim. Also any goods you buy value over Can$50 net taxes each item, you are able to claim back 6% tax. Go to Eaton Center, 5th Floor when in the City Center and get your refund there &amp; then once you show your return ticket out of Canada, also bring your passport. Worth checking out if you intend shopping. Overall I would definately stay in Mont Royal, beside Peel Metro,location excellent for City shopping, sight seeing or whatever. Taxi from/to airport is standard Can$35.00. Make sure to check beforehand.	
Mar 26 2007	Nice Hotel	My wife and I stayed at the Omni for 2 nights over a weekend in March. Nice hotel with a great location. Our room was quite large, with a sitting area and plenty of room for luggage. We decorated with a nice bathroom as well.We found the gym to be top notch (for a hotel gym) with a wide variety of equipment and a big selection of free weights. The hot tub and pool were also quite nice.We will definitely stay here again.	
Mar 18 2007 	Good Room Good service Great Location	I was really pleased with the hotel overall.Booked it through Hotels.com and got a really great rate. Contacted the hotel on their website and requested an early check-in. Room was ready for me when I arrived about 4 hours before normal check-in time. Also requested a late checkout at 6am of the day I left and got my requested 3pm checkout time. Got the King Sized room I requested.Room was nice, clean, got a high floor room with a view of the city. The room didnt have any bathrobes as advertised but that wasn't a big deal. Wish they had some finer sheets but that's just a personal thing. They were clean and I guess normal thread count sheets for most hotels. Bathroom was also very clean and well stocked. WiFi worked fine. Elevators are fast. Was very happy staying at the Omni and I do look forward to going back next time I am in Montreal.	
Mar 16 2007	Stay At The Omni You'll LOVE It!!	My husband and I stayed at the Omni Mont Royal in Montreal for 5 nights in March 2007. I must admit that I was a bit hesitant as I booked it through Expedia and had never used their service before. I actually only booked for 3 nights and we were prepared to look elsewhere if we were disappointed with the accommodaitons. I also wondered if we'd be given a room of less quality because of booking through Expedia. We were so pleased! ! From the minute we arrived we were treated like royalty. The staff was very friendly, helpful and couldn't do enough for us. The very nice young lady on the front desk suggested we take a room on a high floor facing the city, as the view was quite nice. Actually, the view was absolutely breathtaking!! Our room was immaculate, the decor was gorgeous and the bathroom was huge. We were given our own bathrobes, the bed was made up with a duvet, and every night when we got back to our room after a day of sightseeing, we'd find a light left on for us and our bed was turned down. So nice to feel pampered! Needless to say, we extended our stay at the Omni. We travel quite a bit and I will not hesitate to book our next hotel through Expedia as their rates are more than reasonable. This hotel surpassed our expectations and we wouldn't want to stay anywhere else while visiting Montreal.	
Mar 11 2007 	Decent Hotel	I spent the weekend here while visiting family. I picked it because it had a great rate on Expedia, and it was a perfectly fine hotel. The hotel is well-maintained, although the decor is somewhat dated. The bathrooms were nice and big. One complaint was that there was no mention of internet access anywhere in the room, however when I called the front desk, they sent someone up with the required bridge within five minutes at no charge. All in all, a good hotel to come home to after a day of sightseeing.	
Mar 1 2007	Poor Customer Service	Although the Mont-Royal is a lovely hotel in a great location, they don't know much about customer service. I had booked the hotel about 2 months in advance through Expedia and specifically asked for a room with two beds, since I was traveling with my Mom. I had even called the hotel two weeks prior to my reservation to confirm my request, as well as, ask for an early check-in. When we arrived they gave us a room with a king-sized bed. I explained that I had requested a room with two beds months in advance, they explained they had no rooms available. In addition, I asked if they could send up a cot and was told they had no cots available either. I asked if they could contact me if a room opens up or cots become available and was told that I should check in with them. Well no room became available nor any cots. POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE!	
Feb 27 2007 	A nice place to stay	Our family of five recently spent two nights at the Omni Mont-Royal, and we had a wonderful stay. The staff were friendly, efficient, and helpful. We had two adjoining rooms, which were quite large, very clean, and very comfortable. Excellent sheets! Even for New Englanders like us, it was still pretty darn cold during our stay in Montreal, and the Omni offered plenty to do indoors. The fitness center was very good and well run, and we all used it each day we were there. Our main reason for going to Montreal was to look at McGill University, and the Omni is perfectly located for that. My daughter was interested in shopping, and the Omni is in the heart of the shopping district. If you are looking for the charms of Vieux Montreal, the Omni is not the hotel for you. But if you want nice amenities, a friendly and professional staff, and comfortable rooms at an excellent price, I would certainly recommend it.	
Feb 21 2007	One of the best!!!!	One of the BEST hotel experiences that I have EVER had! I requested a hotel room on a high floor with a view prior to our stay and we received exactly what we requested. We were even allowed to check in at 10:00am and were given an even nicer room......just because! This is the kind of experience that you can expect while staying at this hotel. The hotel's staff were amazing! From the janitorial staff to management. Everyone always had a smile and friendly Bonjours. The concierege were very friendly and they all had a wealth of knowledge about the city! The hotel has a great location. About 1 block from the Metro station and about 2 blocks from shopping. About a 10 minute walk to the Museum of Fine Arts. The room itself was great. It was oversized and had many great amenities. Heater in the bathroom, bathrobes, toiletries, safe, iron and ironing board etc. The bedding was very warm and comfortable! My cousin and I were here in February when the temperature never reached above 25 degrees, so it was always great to come back to a warm SUPERIOR hotel room.For the people who have left negative reviews about this hotel.....I am greatly confused. I think that either these people are very demanding guests and one little thing didn't go their way so they just decided to make up there minds about the hotel off that one incident or maybe they just woke up on the wrong side of the bed????If I HAD to give one criticism, it would be that the traffic noise is a little more noticable than most other hotels I have stayed in. It is not enough noise to keep me from returning to this EXCELLENT hotel!	
Jan 26 2007 	Great experience at the Omni	My husband brought me here on my 30th birthday... it was wonderful!!I've been to Montreal many times and have written reviews on most places. This has been one of the better experiences.Pros:+great location, close to shopping and restaurants+SUPER friendly staff. courteous and polite and always available for help.+beautiful affordable spa (Amerispa) and nice pool and whirlpool. I had a massage but wanted the Vichy shower massage. Will do that next time!!+clean room and comfy bed.Cons:- rooms were a little outdated, but we had a great suite on a high level facing the city.- expensive mini-bar and everything else. but aren't they all like that?? - walls were a little thin but no partyers here!!We ate at Cavalli nearby. The food and service was great. For the hip and beautiful, (I was neither) but still had a great experience!!Highly recommend this place for a great stay in Montreal!!	
Jan 7 2007 	Wonderful hotel	We spent Christmas in Montreal and stayed at the Omni. Everything was as booked and the staff were very friendly and helpful. The concierge was extremely helpful in booking a restaurant for dinner Christmas day. The room was big and bright and exceptionnally clean with a small window that opened up to let in fresh air. The small bar was very relaxing and a great place for a night cap. The location is excellent and only a few minutes walk to the centre of Montreal. I would most certainly stay there again.	
Jan 6 2007 	Not just good - great	My experience was similar to the previous reviewer. I arrived at the hotel after a long train trip from NYC at 2030 hrs on 12/29/06 and the receptionist, who was smiling and very gracious, had the booking ready. She said the room was one with a king bed but she could se that we were travelling with our 15 year old daughter and immediately offered us an upgrade to a larger room with a roll away bed at no extra cost. The room was beautiful - old style but no evidence of wear and tear - we loved it and the bed was heaven after the one in our NYC rental apartment. There was a fabulous view of the mountain and city. The bellboy gave us great directions to a reasonably priced bistro and we received good advice from the concierge again the next morning about the best place for good coffee.(I am having difficulty finding good italian espresso coffee.) The concierge gave us all the information about New Years Eve celebrations and advice on how to dress appropriately - an outdoor venue with a heated dance floor! The staff was all fantastic and I can't think of one negative point to make. I will certainly stay again if I am ever back in this part of the world.	
Jan 5 2007 	4-Star Hotel for a 2-Star Price!	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Omni over the New Year's Weekend. What an amazing treat! I highly recommend it! Booked on priceline and got a SUITE on the 17th floor with an amazing view for only $109US (including all taxes and fees)! Room decor was a bit outdated, but was very clean and the gorgeous lobby, restaurants and day spa more than made up for it! All staff were friendly and obliging! Also, you can't beat the central downtown location. We were able to walk EVERYWHERE and the taxi from the airport is $35CA flat rate. This hotel is such a treat for the price! (However, beware, they will charge your credit card for local calls) I will definately stay at the Omni again.	
Jan 2 2007 	Nice suite	Got to the Omni on Sat. before New Years, had my room keys waiting since I am a select guest member but the computer noted my profile preference of one king bed when I requested two doubles when I booked online (there were 2 guys staying in the room, so one king wasn't going to cut it). The very kind front desk person (Maude) aplogized that they had no rooms with 2 beds left. She offered me an upgrade to a one bedroom suite with a rollaway bed (a real twin bed, not a rollaway cot) for no extra charge. I had a great rate already and there were giving me at least $100 worth of stuff for free, that's how you do it in that industry folks. Too many reviews I've read say how unhelpful hotels are when this happens, and we all know it happens often. She fixed the situation in one minute. I got to the room, took my shoes off and the housekeeping person was there instantly with the rollaway bed and offered to set it up right away but we declined, wanting to keep the open space in the living room available.The room was very nice, great view of Montreal-the mountain and MacGill Univ. Typical suite with mirrored french doors leading to the bedroom. Had room service one night, don't recommend that. The gym and other facilities were nice. Didn't use the spa, they were booked solid for two days but it looked very nice. Bell person and concierge were all very helpful, staff was A++ all weekend. Parking was 75' away for $15CAD/night, not too bad. Hotel's location is great. I've read some of the reviews that say how &quot;tired&quot; this hotel is and it does show some wear but overall, it is still very nice, even the first room they gave me was larger than a normal single/king bed room. I would definitely stay here again if I got the great rate that I did ($129/night for Sat. and Sun.-New Year's eve). Don't let the bad reviews scare you off if you get a good rate, it's still a nice place to stay.	
Dec 8 2006 	Great deal!	We stayed at the Omni for three nights at the end of November, 2006. We got a fantastic deal from Priceline - $75 US per night. Considering how much we paid, we were thrilled with the hotel and the amenities, but we would have still been happy even if we had paid a lot more. The front desk personnel were very nice and gracious, and even let us check in early when we arrived at 9:00 a.m. after a red-eye flight from the US. The room was cleaned early and very well. The hotel is centrally located within walking distance to museums, music clubs, restaurants and shopping, and a short subway ride to other areas of town. We had no problem at all getting around using public transportation or walking (except taxis to and from the airport). There is a very nice jazz club, Maison du Jazz, about seven blocks away that we went to twice, both times without reservations. The hotel's gym is the best hotel gym we have ever seen.	
Dec 2 2006 	Above Average Stay And Location	The Hotel lies in the ehart of montreal on Sherbrooke Avenue.The rooms are larger than average as are the bathrooms. At 31 storeys the hotel offers a chocie of views with north looking towards the hill in the centre of Montreal and the south overlooking the city core and the river.The hotel offers free high speed access, a comfortable bed and a pleasant front desk.At $139 plus taxs (a 'winter special') the Montreal Omni is a fair bargain.	
Nov 23 2006 	Resting on its laurels?	First of all, if you book this hotel through Hotwire, it's a great deal. Period. (It's their 4-star 'customer favorite' when searching for Montreal hotels, FYI.) The hotel's also in a great location at the corner of Sherbrooke &amp; Peel, just a few minutes' walk from Rue Ste. Catherine's shopping and restaurants. But, beyond that, this hotel is a bit disappointing. This used to be the Four Seasons Hotel, as evidenced by the shower controls the Omni never bothered to change. In fact, it doesn't appear that Omni has done much of anything to change this hotel - other than the branding - and it seems to be resting on the laurels of its former owners. The furnishings look dated, but the bed and duvent are very comfortable. There's a big tub in the bathroom, but a small (economy model) shower head and the towels aren't the big, plush ones you expect from a deluxe hotel. One other 'plus:' if, like me, you didn't bring a laptop, this hotel has three computers in a small 'business centre' for unlimited FREE access by guests. But, overall, this is a pretty &quot;ho-hum&quot; hotel.	
Nov 11 2006 	Yes I LIked it!	I stayed at the Omni for an extended holiday for 13 nights starting on 26 October, 2006. I payed $94.00 a night through Hotwire. Prior to my arrival I contacted the Hotel direct and requsted a non smoking large king bedded room with a nice view. I received exactly that - even though I had secured a discounted rate - I was impressed. I had also signed up to the Omni Guest Program prior to arrival and received free coffee and juice delivered to my room every morning. The room was large. Decor is dated but the bed and pillows were very comfortable. The sheets were also white crisp linen. Maid service was excellent and the reception staff were very helpful as was the concierge. The free internet access at the business centre was much appreciated. There was a nightly turn down service with a couple of nice chocolates placed on the pillow. The taxi from the airport cost $35.00 CA. The Hotel is around the corner from Peel Metro Station and all local shopping including the underground shops and restaurants were less than 5 minutes away.	
Oct 11 2006 	Loved the Omni	We just returned from four days in beautiful Montreal. Our stay at the Omni could not have been better. Our room #1514 was very large and very clean. Bonus was we had a great view. The hotel staff could not have been nicer or more helpful. We would stay here again and recommend it to anyone. They have a great gym and a heated outdoor pool. Check out is 1 oclock but they will hold your luggage till you leave. If you fill out the select guest form on line they will bring you coffee and juice free at your requested time.	
Sep 30 2006 	Good for large dated rooms	I stayed here for 4 days.ProsGood locationVery helpful concierge Very Large RoomGreat spa in basementConsVery Dated Hotel, Rooms in need of some serious renovation. Never seen a 4* hotel in such poor condition.Terrible Service - We found some dried blood on our bed cover. Disgusting. First of all, that is not what you expect from a 4*, then for the cover to be removed and not replaced with no apology is also unexpected.On checking out the staff did not ask if the stay was fine/enjoyable - bad service and no consideration of guestsRooms large as design of hotel is bad - just had too rooms knockered togther with no thought about style.If i were too go back to montreal i would not stay here,	
Sep 27 2006	Company Paid	Nice rooms, expensive bar, great location	
Aug 17 2006 	You get what you pay for	We booked early through Hotwire. Our first night of our honeymoon we were placed in a small room with a king bed. We were able to upgrade on Sunday night to a suite with a lot more room and a nicer view of the city.The Omni is very clean. I enjoyed their pool but I wished they had a larger, nicer hot tub for all to enjoy. Their hot tub is very crowded and needs renovating.Room service is outrageous in price. So is their little bar.We paid $10.00 for a beer. Ridiculous.I also wished they had a store/gift shop in their lobby. We found ourselves doing a lot of walking around the neighborhood to the drugstore for items like soft drinks and Gatorade.The conceirge is very helpful. If you want to go to Le Ronde amusement park you should get your tickets from the Omni and you will get about $15 off. I also appreciated their restaurant suggestions. The food in that area is SO EXPENSIVE, you really need to get out of the downtown area to enjoy the cuisine.Also-- try the Metro instead of the taxis. We discovered the Metro too late during our stay and that could have saved us considerable time and money the whole trip.	
Aug 10 2006 	Affordable Opulence	The Omni is located in the Centreville [Downtown] area of Montreal, just below Mont Royal Parc and at the gates of McGill University. It is convenient to shopping, dining and the Metro. It is also a good jumping off place for wandering around Montreal's other neighborhoods.We had a large non-smoking room on a high floor. The room overlooked both the Parc and McGill. The room furnishings were both comfortable and tastefull. The bed was especially comfy, with fine linens. For those who like to take their laptops along, there are great working spaces provided, and a quick internet connection. Bathrooms were absolutely fine, with a good supply of what you need [why don't all hotels give you Q-tips as well as shampoo etc.?]. Best of all, the room was spotless.  The hotel has a full service health club that is popular with actual Montrealers, and is a great place to get info about the city. Hotel guests could use all facilities including exercise equipment steam, sauna and pool. After a hard days touring, this hit the spot.What separates the Omni from the pack is the attentive staff. All of our requests were promptly and courtesously met. The concierge was most helpful with both directions and advise. So go ahead, pamper yourself...stay at the Omni.	
Jul 30 2006	overrated hotel	We recently booked a low rate for the Omni $123US and were somewhat dissatisfied with the experience. The high speed internet connection did not work much of the time and was not high speed when it did work. We also needed to change rooms twice first because our &quot;mountain view&quot; was really stareing into the Best Western across the street. Then the next room smelled strongly of smoke. So check-in took ouer an hour not my idea of a first rate hotel.	
Jul 17 2006	Needs Some TLC	The Omni Mont Royal used to be a Four Seasons, which is only evident in that the shower fixture still says &quot;Four Seasons&quot; on it. The hotel is very dated - worn carpets, decor from the early 70s and a feeling that it has not been remodeled since the Bee Gees were a top 10 band. The bathroom amenities were a small step up from a Holiday Inn - and were not fitting for a 4/5 star hotel.However, with that said:The Omni Mont Royal does have some very positive aspects - a good location, very comfortable beds (we slept VERY well), an outdoor pool, decent gym and access to free Wireless internet. The view of Mont Royal from our high floor room was beautiful. The staff (concierge and front desk) was also very friendly, though the doormen didn't ever seem to hold a door open.The hotel needs some love and attention, and is by no means a four star quality establishment, but if you are not picky about style and amenities and care more about location and get a good price it is a decent place to stay.	
Jul 15 2006	Nothing But Praise for the Omni!	Having used Priceline for our reservation, I was expecting to be given a less than warm welcome (as is often the case with some hotel chains) upon check-in, especially as we arrived very early. However, I could not have been more wrong: the man at reception was delightfully professional, worriedly asking my companion and I whether 3/4 size beds would be adequate for our needs, as otherwise he’d be unable to check us in that moment. We were more than happy with what he offered: having called to request a quiet room on a high floor (Sherbooke and Peel being one of Montreal’s busier downtown intersections), all of our requirements were met with seemingly no trouble. Armed with three mornings’ worth of ‘complimentary beverage’ door hangings (a super perk for Select Guest members), we found our room on the 24th floor to be everything we could want, and more. With plenty of floor space and classic, sophisticated décor, then room felt rather like a small apartment. A spotless bathroom and closet with bathrobes, an umbrella, iron &amp; board and spare linens shows that serious thought has been put into guests’ convenience and comfort here. In short, the Omni exceeded our expectations; both in terms of room quality and amenities and in the fantastically courteous, friendly and calm way in which every employee we encountered conducted themselves. I would certainly stay here again if the opportunity arose and would wholeheartedly recommend it.	
Jul 10 2006	Great standard rooms	Very satisfied. The standard rooms are very big and clean. We came during low season so they were very accomodating. When we requested a room higher up with a better view the receptionist even apologized for not giving us that room first. Serivce was great.	
Jul 7 2006	Loved it!	I stayed at the Omni this past May and was pleasantly surprised! My boyfriend and I managed to get a reasonable rate at hotels[--], with our 3rd (final) night free, so I was almost worried as to why it would be so inexpensive. But, we had no problems at all. We didn't have the greatest view (facing the pool and street), but we were on the 10th floor and didn't really mind or bother to say anything. The bathroom was huge, the room was clean, and the pillows were SO comfy! What more do you need? We didn't really need any special arrangements, and this place was great... So, I would say that if you are looking for a mini-splurge without breaking the bank or expecting rose petals at your feet, this is a wonderful place to stay. (By the way, location is great too - around the corner from the metro and lots of restaurants and shopping. For breakfast, you must (MUST!) try a small diner-style restaurant (very young, hip crowd) called &quot;Eggspectation&quot; - it's just about a 5 block walk and it is SOOO good, for a great price, just ask for directions at the hotel desk.)	
Jul 5 2006	Great location enjoyed the pool/gym	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Omni for our 6 day, 5 night stay in Montreal. I had read some reviews on TA and was quite reserved about staying here because the reviews were nothing spectacular. I was pleasantly surprised. The room was not huge, but it had a comfortable king bed, good size bathroom and the room was overall very neat. We also had a pool view on the 5th floor and it was a very quiet room, even the ice machine right outside our room caused no distrurbance. We were extremely satisfied with the pool and the jacuzzi. My boyfriend used the gym and said it had the majority of the machines he needed. The location was superb near a subway stop and walking distance to Rue St.Catharine. I would recommend this hotel, but don't expect to pay $100 a night.	
Jun 15 2006	Loved the Omni	Recently stayed at this hotel - I loved what the Omni had to offer!From my check in to check out, I was treated like royalty. The hotel is in a great location, and you can walk everywhere. Lots of shopping and great restaurants in the immediate area... I now know why the call this area the Golden Square Mile!My room was on the 18th floor, and had a wonderful view of the city, was spacious and very nice. Large marble bathroom was also very nice, as was the nightly turndown service. All of the staff was very attentive and went out of their way to ensure we had a excellent stay. Zen restaurant was great for those who love Szechuan food, and I highly reccommend it. There is also a beautiful spa in the hotel, Amerispa, and my boyfriend and I took full advantage by having a waterfall massage... just heavenly. [-]All in all, I would come back with pleasure, and the Omni is my new address in town when visiting Montreal!	
Jun 15 2006 	better than average but not a 5 star	I stayed at the Omni three nights in June. it was chosen by a company thart was holding a conference I attended.The location is just perfect. The shopping malls and other interesting sites in walking distance. Not to far away fromt the subway- great.The lobby seems a bit small. The front desk wasn't helpfull all the time. On checkout I asked the lady to include the breakfast in the room price. She told me it's impossible. No second effort, no asking of somebody who might know how it works. In European hotels, this is not a big issue, they do it all the time with no complains.Well. The breakfast was buffet style, $20, a little too much for what they offer. Eggs that swim in water, french toast as dry as carpet and a small selection of yoghurts and fruits. And tons of paistries.Coffee was, measured by European standards, great. They offer Douwe Coffee, which is a traditional dutch brand. very aromatic.The room was furnished in a pretty conservative, not to say, old way. The AC had two modes: On and Off. No seletion of power. That is a bit weak. The rest of the room was average. The bathroom was pretty worn out. The gym on third floor was great for weightlifting junkies like me. They offer a huge variety of free weights, dumbells, barbells, a bench press, several cardio machines. That is pretty good.The conference room wasn't chilled by an AC so it was pretty humid and warm in there. That wasn't fun. Sound was great, seating was a bit old school. Not to comfortable for two days of nonstop conferencing. The snacks they served between the sessions were good, so was the coffee.Overall, I would say it was ok, but not spectacular.	
Jun 14 2006 	Location Location Location	Great Hotel, near the subway LOVED the Gym. The staff is really helpful and knowledgeable. I used this hotel on a business trip but will come back on an extended weekend getaway.	
Jun 12 2006	Good deal if you get it through Priceline	My friend and I stayed at the Omni from June 2nd to 4th. We got it through Priceline for about half of rack rate. Since there were two of us, I called the hotel over two weeks prior, right after I booked the room through Priceline, to make sure that we have a room with two double beds. Upon arrival, we were told that they have no record of it, and they would have to look for a room with two beds for us. When they did find one, we were told that it won't be available until 4 to 5pm. We just drove over 6 hours from Toronto, and wasn't exactly in the best conditions. But we just shrugged it off, and walked around downtown until 5pm. The room was nice and decent size and the beds were comfortable. We had a downtown facing view and was on the 31st floor so there was no noise problem. Unlike some posters earlier, we did get the complimentary newspapers (which we didn't really read anyway). The Wifi internet was probably the best part, since it worked perfectly. Too bad it wasn't warmer when we were there, because we did use the pool, which was nice, but it was too cold once you get out of the water. Our experience with the concierge was generally OK. We only asked for directions to the casino and the area Outremont and not much else, since I have been to Montreal numerous times before, and their driving directions got us there without much problem.As far as parking, we parked one nights in the underground lot attached to the hotel and paid I believe around $28 Cdn. (Beware that the posted rate is for a 12 hour period only). Then the next day parked next door at the open lot for $21 Cdn. (But you need to get up at 7am to move the car! Because otherwise they would charge you for another time period.) That was not a pleasant experience, since we were out late til 4:30am the night before. As for the hotel, it was good for what we paid for, but to be honest, I didn't really notice much of a difference between staying at the Omni or the Holiday Inn near Chinatown.	
Jun 7 2006	Tired old hotel in need of refurbishment	Stayed here on a priceline deal for two nights. I have to say that despite the cheap price this hotel falls firmly in the &quot;probably used to be a luxurious hotel 20 years ago&quot;, but has long past its best time. Carpets are dirty and furnishings are old. The bathroom fittings are still from its time as a Four Seasons. Our room was large, but the bathroom was surprisingly small. Although we were on a non-smoking floor you could smell smoke through the AC unit. I recommend joining the Omni Select Guest program before staying at the hotel as you get a free drink in the morning as a treat. A newspaper should also be included, but we never received ours.During our stay we also had a problem with a power outage in our hotel and all in all the service was efficient, but not overly friendly. The beds were very comfortable however, and the location was perfect for downtown Montreal, McGill university etc. but there are so many nice and new hotels in both downtown and Old Montreal that I would not particularly recommend staying at the Omni Mont Royal.	
Jun 7 2006	Total Disappoi ntment	Upon our arrival at 4 pm, well after check-in time, we were told that our room was not ready and that we should sit in the lobby while our room was cleaned. (I don't think so!) When I asked them to give us another room, I was told it was the only one of its type available, whereby I suggested that they had 3 choices - 1. they could upgrade the room; 2. they could call the manager; 3. we could go to another hotel. They found the equivalent room on a higher floor.One day we returned from sightseeing to find that the beds had been made, but that was about all - the coffee pot and used cups were left dirty; the ice bucket was brimming with melted ice instead of being emptied and replaced with a new plastic bag; one of the used terry robes supplied by the hotel had been removed and not replaced.On the first night of our stay when we had inquired at the Concierge desk about restaurants in the area, we were given the names of some restaurants but little else, and it was my opinion that the concierges behind the desk were unprofessional and not well versed in what was available. (We live in Boston, where, on several occasions, I have been in hotel lobbies and overheard the concierges giving information to guests in a thorough and professional manner.) Montreal is supposed to be a sophisticated city.As it turns out, I do not believe that Concierge is a regular position at the Onmi Mont Royal; rather, I think the people at the Front desk rotate to the Concierge desk, because one of the people with whom I spoke about the poorly cleaned room was behind the concierge desk on the last night of our stay and actually gave us INCORRECT information, pretty much ruining our evening.We had asked if there was a restaurant atop one of the hotels where we could see a view of the city, as we had done in Quebec City. She gave us the name of the Delta Hotel, where she had said we would be able to have a drink and dessert, since we had already eaten dinner, which we had seen others do at a similar venue in Quebec City. However, when we arrived at the Delta, we were told that such was not the case, that there was only a complete buffet dinner served, leaving us without a plan for the evening.Montreal is known to be a city with lots of jazz - with a yearly jazz festival - and when we requested some venues, the same &quot;Concierge&quot; supplied us with only 2 locations and little information about what was offered at each.To top everything off - there was a power outtage on the last night of our stay. The hotel lost power for 2 1/2 to 3 hours, depending upon with whom you spoke. As a result, we were forced to leave the room earlier than planned and before we were really ready to leave. Nothing worked and a horrendous noise was blaring from the loudspeaker. By way of explanation, we were later told that the electric company had cut a cable. The Omni was the only hotel affected.In all fairness, we were given complimentary continental breakfast one morning and reimbursed for the taxi fares to the Delta and back, plus some compensation for poor service, but the loss of power they considered to be &quot;an act of God.&quot; When we received our bill, they had overcharged us $20 per night above the contracted rate, The explanation for the overcharge was that the rate &quot;had just jumped up,&quot; to which I replied that, if anything, the rate should have &quot;jumped down.&quot;In short, I would not recommend this hotel to anyone - and how anyone could give it the 4 star review upon which I based my decision to stay at the Omni Mont Royal is beyond me. Be advised that it is a 2- star hotel with 4 - star prices.	
Jun 5 2006	Omni was cool	The Omni was a nice hotel, My boyfriend and I went on a weekend getaway. We got a good deal on hotwire, so i cannot complain.... Location: It is definitely a GREAT GREAT GREAT location. Walking distance to everything! In the heart of downtown, walking to mont royal, crescent street, vieux montreal (longer walk).. if you decide you want to take the metro, the Peel Station is half a minute away. It was definitely a great great location. Cannot stress that enough.Hospitality: The staff was great, no complaints there.Room: Rooms are not huge, but they are comfortable, and the bathroom is a nice size. The only complaint i have about the room is the door, the hotel needs to update their system, i think it is faulty sometimes when it is reading the card becuase a whole bunch of times it was war trying to open the door with the room card and that was very inconvenient.The staff was gracious and accomodating nevertheless.Style: Room could be updated a bit style wise, those curtains are like &quot;c'mon ppl&quot;, but overall it was a nice room, we had our time which was most important.. the bed was comfortable, so who cares about the curtains.. everythign else looked nice.. so overall it was cool! Pool/Jacuzzi - Okay this was lame.. It closed at 7pm.. that i didnt like. Parking: You could park for 15.75 a day at an open lot, or drive 2 mins away to mackay and boul massoineuve and park for 11 a night. parking in the hotels garage i think was like 16/night.. still not bad.Overall, I liked the Omni.. we paid 50% of what the prices were so we definitely were happy.	
Jun 3 2006 	OK for Business Travel	Stayed at the Omni for a conference in May, 2006. Had a large room with a king-size bed, table, desk, small couch... but the carpet was drab and spotty as others have noted. Overall impression was of an older hotel with traditional furnishings. I didn't spend a lot of time in the room, but, if I had, the awkward placement of the TV (not really viewable from the couch) would have been inconvenient. Along the same lines, the towel rack in the bathroom was around a corner and over the toilet, so don't forget to grab your towel before you shower! I liked the shower, though... good and strong... as well as the bathroom amenities. Front desk staff was very nice, and concierge was OK. Wireless internet access in the rooms was great. Room service food was a bit above average. No coffee maker in the room. Conference service seemed quite good, including continental breakfast and snack set-ups.My room looked out onto Sherbrooke, and I could hear some street noise at night despite being on the 12th floor. Hotel is in a good central location, partly because downtown Montreal is pretty compact. Close to the Peel Metro stop (and the Underground), and about four seriously steep blocks from the Park Mont Royal with it's spectacular views of the city - don't miss it! I'll probably try a different hotel if I go back to Montreal, just to see what else is available.	
May 23 2006	Fine if you get a good price	I stayed 18 nights at Omni hotel in Montreal from November 30 2005 until December 18 2005. I booked my stay through Hotwire and I got a good deal, I paid $91 a night.The reason I choose Omni was that I in June 2005 stayed at Omni in San Francisco, and was very pleased with my stay at Omni in San Francisco. Therefore, I thought I could try Omni Montreal since Hotwire had a good deal during my stay. I also had become an Omni Hotels select guest member and I thought it would be nice to get a newspaper, some beverage in the morning, and a late check out. Omni Hotel in Montreal has a perfect location, one block to a liquor store, two blocks to Saint Catherine and all the department stores, have a good but pricy Chinese restaurant in the premises, you could open a window about 10cm, the TV had decent number of channels, the bathroom was very big, the room was of decent size, the housekeeping was fine, the complimentary wireless internet worked perfectly, and since I was a select guest member I was allowed to have a late check out at 5pm. In general I am not sensitive for sounds and through my Omni Hotels select guest membership I had asked for a quite room away from the elevator and on a high floor. Unfortunately, I got a corner room on the 22nd floor with a connecting door. During the weeks when nobody else was staying in the room beside me it was ok even if I could clearly hear the elevator and the ice machine. But during the weekends when the room beside me was occupied it was like having those people staying in my room. The connecting door did not stop any sound at all and the last night my neighbors were partying all night long and I could not get any sleep at all. If you have stayed at Omni in San Francisco you will probably be disappointed with Omni Montreal. But Omni Montreal is a good choice for Montreal, and if I could find a good deal at Hotwire I would not hesitate to stay at Omni Hotel in Montreal again. But this time I should ask for a room with a non-connecting door to get a good night of sleep.	
May 4 2006	An enjoyable stay	We decided to stay at the Omni because of its proximity to McGill, having stayed last year at the Spring Hill Suites in the old city which we had found to be excellent with spacious rooms and good parking.In fact the two connecting rooms which made up our Junior Suite at the Omni were even bigger. They were vast and exceedingly pleasant, on a high floor and bathed in light. Each room had its own bathroom although only one had a bed. The quality of furnishing and maid service was high and the only blemish was the mysterious absence of a coffee maker (although the hotel did supply one free of charge on request).We dined at the nearby Le Taj Indian restaurant which serves mildly flavoured and quite delicious food: the five-course 'Feast' is terrific value.Montreal appears to become a ghost town at weekends. I went for a walk to get my wife a Starbucks coffee at 8.15, but none of the three nearby places opened before 9.00 am (two of them being located inside stores which didn't open until then) and the streets were deserted.	
Apr 30 2006 	Not Bad For Its Value	Hotel is in much need of a renovation. While I do agree with many that its not bad for its price, my stay at the hyatt(which was comparable in price) was much more enjoyable. The valet people are definitely lost, it took forever trying to get the car and handing the keys back to them was even more a task. Overall, i got a great deal through hotwire, $84 a night, so I can't complain. The complimentary wireless internet was a definite added bonus and the spacious rooms were plus points. However, the furniture is worn and scratched and the carpet was a victim to several stains. If your getting it through hotwire/priceline, the hotel is pretty good deal, but if your paying rack rate I would jump across the street to the sofitel.	
Mar 28 2006	Fair accommodation for a fair price	For a downtown hotel, I don't think having a coffee maker in the room is too much to ask. And parking in the area was extraordinary expensive ($70 CAD for four nights). It was also disappointing that the maid didn't service the room one day!! The downtown area shuts down on the weekends. However, the room was spacious and the bathroom was pleasant. The carpets definitely need changing--permanent spots throughout. The concierge (Giovanni) was fantastic and friendly. The metro is close and the space is overall clean.	
Mar 15 2006 	IIt all depends on what you pay	I travel to Montreal regularly on business and was attracted to the Omni by the very competitive rates available on the internet. I last stayed in this hotel over twenty years ago when it was run by Four Seasons and was at that time an important part of the Montreal social scene.Today it is only a pale shadow of its former self.The hotel is tired and run-down and in need of some TLC.Omni seem hell bent on operating this hotel at the lowest possible cost. For example the hand basin in my room was badly cracked, carpets needed cleaning, the hotels exterior signs were only half lit etc. Also, the food offerings are pricey and limited.However, all this notwithstanding, the hotel is basically a good property with an excellent location and spacious and well appointed guest rooms and windows you can open. You can thank the Four Seasons people for these virtues. If you can book this hotel at a reasonble rate then will be getting value. If you have to pay the rack rate then go cross the street to the Sofitel where you will find a hotel run by enthusiastic professionals.	
Mar 14 2006 	Cushy Beds Upscale Bath Products Great Service Wonderful Location!	This is the third or fourth time I've had the fortune to stay at this hotel. Overall it gets better each time, with a few exceptions that when presented to senior management, were remedied diligently and thoughtfully.Arriving early on a Friday morning, I expected to leave my bags and continue my day in Montreal. Instead, the top-notch clerk at the reservations desk had me checked into my room before I could even blink my eyes. And some room this was: the old-style bathrooms with large tubs and superior toiletries ranked second to the heavenly five-star bedding that enveloped one in the best night's sleep I had in years. Timing was key: I had buried my father the week before and my exhaustion was acute. This was the cure. There was an incident not properly corrected by middle management; when brought to the attention of her superiors I was more than satisfied. The concierge staff was well-equipped to answer questions, room service timely and attentive, and the laundry service first-rate. The doormen could pay a bit more attention to those of us arriving by means other than automobiles - especially women. While they shot to attention when well-dressed men/couples arrived either by foot or taxi, their response was lukewarm when I arrived and departed frequently the first day. Overall, this was a true value and a place that makes a difference for a traveler.	
Mar 14 2006	Frustrating	I bid $77USD on priceline and was able to get this hotel. I would not have paid a dime more. 1) They have no parking. Despite what was advertised. We ended up going to a lot across the street at Scotia Bank $15.75 a night as opposed to the drunkard at the Marriot lot who tried to charge $25 a night and KEEP the keys to my car! ( I lived in Montreal for many years and know that both lots are overpriced but it was cold and i didn't want to walk very far!)2) I was a guest selects member and never received any of the rewards. Like the paper and a beverage in the morning. 3) The maid tried to enter our room several times at 9AM despite the fact that our chain was on stopping her.. obviously indicating that people were in the room. We felt rushed to vacate the room so that she could clean - despite the fact that we were there for two nights. 4) RANDOM CHARGES. I noticed some random unsubstantiated charges at checkout. brought them to the attention of the man doing our checkout who assured me that they were a &quot;mistake&quot; but somehow... despite his assurance they still wound up coming out of my checking account. I would like to report them for fraud. HOWEVER.... The fitness facility was very nice. Rooms were clean and large.	
Mar 5 2006	Romantic Getaway!	Great price for the area &amp; it was during Valentine's Day week. The hotel itself was great, staff was friendly &amp; informative when wanted directions to various hot spots. The location is superb, forget about staying at boutique Hotels in Old Montreal Omni is where its at. Near St.Catherine's Street which is great for shopping, &amp; despite the cold me &amp; my boyfriend walked to Old Montreal which was about 20-30minutes in the -30degree cold. Also prime locations to get to St.Laurent which has some of the best Lounges &amp; bars. The only problem was parking but that was due to the area, expensive and scarce. Would definetly stay at the Omni again &amp; take advantage of their indoor sauna &amp; whirlpool.	
Mar 3 2006	Such a memorable stay!!!!!	Recently I have discovered the Hotel Omni Mont-Royal! What a beautifull &amp; gorgeous hotel!I had never heard about it until some colleagues of mind told me they had host successfull meetings there and that enjoyed the quality of service offered by the staff!My mother and I had to go to Montreal for the graduation of my sister at McGill and we did not know where to stay! We've decided...why don't we try the Omni!First of all, once you enter into their luxurious lobby...you really feel like you are a star... and the courtesy of the entire staff make you feel just like home!Our room was perfect, spacious, offered a magnificient view over the McGill University Campus and Mount-Royal Park and provided the confort we needed after our 7 hours flight. We also enjoyed their gym with its outdoor pool and their spa...the perfect way to finish our stay!The food was also excellent. We strongly recommend the ZEN Restaurant!Really, staying at the Hotel Omni Mont-Royal was a pure charm. We will definitely go back to this hotel that makes luxury so accessible!	
Feb 25 2006	What a great hotel!	Recently stayed at this hotel for the weekend with my fiancé. The hotel is really well located, within walking distance to St-Catherine street (main shopping area). Not far from two of the city's happening places, Crescent street and St-Laurent Boulevard.As soon as we checked in, we were greeted warmly by all the staff. Ask them about the Select Guest program! Our room faced the Mont-Royal mountain, and we had a beautiful view. The room is very classic in decor, but is very spacious, anc comfortable. The bathrooms are great as well, all marble. We both really enjoyed the gym, which is huge! We also got to enjoy the spa at the hotel, Amerispa, which is very extensive, and brand new! I highly recommend the chocolate mocha body wrap.We also tried ZEN restaurant out - Really great szechuan food, served buffet style to your table. The crispy duck was too die for.All in all, a great time - I would most definitely recommend this hotel to anyone who is looking for a luxurious hotel with a great value, in a superb location in downtown Montreal.	
Feb 6 2006	Good Hotel Horrible Concierge	We just returned from a 2 day stay at the Omni. The Omni has tough competition for the same price (Sofitel, Ritz and a plethora of boutiques) but I was pleased with our visit. The only complaint I have is that the Concierge is absolutely horrid. I had never been to Montreal before and she was very reluctant to make any suggestions...and when she did they were horrible. I asked her what we could do to get a good feel of the city and her response was &quot;what do you want to do?&quot; and I said &quot;something I can't do in Pennsylvania&quot; and she responded that we could &quot;DRIVE AROUND VARIOUS PARTS OF THE CITY.&quot; We dreaded having to ask her for restaurant or sight seeing advice because it was a 20 minute ordeal to get a suggestion from her. If you're looking for great service, stay elsewhere.	
Jan 25 2006	Great hotel Great rates	Did the previous reviewers stay at this hotel???The hotel exceeded my expectations, especially for an Expedia special rate of $110.00 CAD/night.Do yourself a favor and sign up as a &quot;Select Guest&quot; on the Omni web site.Very clean, huge room and a bidet in the bathroom. Staff is very friendly, helpful and attentive. The hotel is close to shops, transit, food and entertainment.Dont eat in the hotel, the food is expensive and lacks selection. The buffet breakfast has less selection than Golden Griddle at almost 3X the price ($19.99 + tax). There are hundreds of dining options less than 5 min walk away, I reccommend Reubens for breakfast, lunch and dinner.	
Jan 3 2006	Beware of Omni Mont-Royal	Local trip advisors had warned that this property was previously a Four Seasons, but did not meet their standards and was changed to an Omni property. I do not think it is up to the Omni standards either. I have stayed at Omni Hotels in Austin, Dallas, Cancun &amp; have placed people in the Omni in Houston, all are luxury properties that are maintained to that standard. The Omni Mont-Royal does not come close to matching that! From the torn &amp; tattered carpet and scratched furniture in the rooms to poorly maintained common areas this would struggle to meet most national chains standards. The &quot;health club&quot; facilities is an odd arrangement of various rooms filled with antiquated equipment and the restaurant is much too small for a hotel this size. I may have been influenced by the surroundings, but the staff also seemed tattered and many individuals commented how tired they were. The hotel was so bad that I checked out after one night and continued my stay in Montreal at the Sofitel Hotel across the street.	
Jan 3 2006	WARNING - The Pool is Closed!!	While you would never know it from its very misleading website, the pool at the Omni in Montreal is CLOSED.The website shows photos of a beautiful pool. Upon check-in last week, we mentioned how much we were looking forward to it and they said it was closed until summer.We were rather peeved, given the pool was a major reason for booking the hotel.They had arrangements with a club across the street to use their pool - but at $20 per day per person we thought this was unreasonable.So, if you like to swim, don't stay here!	
Dec 12 2005 	Nice Hotel	Visited Montreal for the weekend. Took a chance with Priceline and got the room for approx. $80US + taxes Former Four Seasons hotel, it is a nice hotel with a great location. The room while small was very nice and clean. Staff very pleasant.	
Nov 13 2005	OK if you get a good price	I stayed in a strangely shaped room on the 26th floor. It was a decent size, had a sofa too. The decor in the rooms was a little odd (Red?.....) but the bathroom was large (5 piece, yes thats a bidet). Only thing I didnt understand was why a 5 star luxury hotel had 14&quot; TVs in the rooms. If Ramada's can have 27&quot; tvs and charge $50/night, why not Omni? I didnt come to Montreal to watch TV, but come on! Staff was very friendly (even tho Im just a 23 year old punk haha) and the location is great, a block from the metro and shopping. Even tho there are only 3 elevators to serve a 36 storey building, they were lightning quick. This hotel opened in 1976 as the Four Seasons, and is still in good shape, just a little disappointing for the rates they charge.	
Oct 15 2005	You can rely on the omni for a little luxury!	Similar to a previous reviewer, we chose the Omni in Montreal after a stay in the Omni Shoreham in Washington DC.Thankfully the staff in Montreal were a lot nicer than in Washington and were very polite and helpful throughout the entire stay. One thing you can be assured of with the Omni chain and that is a little luxury and fantastic surroundings - marble, chandeliers and bathrobes galore! Unfortunately also bathroom scales - no need for those on a holiday please! We couldn't fault any aspect of the decor, facilities or cleanliness of the bedroom or the hotel in general.We had a meal in the bar restaurant on arrival which was excellent and good value for money. At breakfast however, we didn't think two cups of tea, one bowl of raisin bran and two portions of toast should have cost 30CAD - but it did! The buffet breakfast did look good, but after weighing ourselves on those bathroom scales we didn't think it was a good idea!We felt a little bit out of place with all the business breakfasts going on. We desperately tried to find a back door ouf of the lobby one night when guests for the Chancellor's dinner came in past us. Them in their tuxedos and ball gowns and us after a hard day's sightseeing in jeans and scruffy shirts!Parking is provided via a car park one block over - it costs 26.70CAD per day for valet parking and 15.75CAD per day if you park it yourself. The location of the hotel is super - easy to find off the expressway (Rue Sherbrooke is one of the main roads in Montreal) and very central to everything (and to my husband's distress the shops - Rue St Catherine).All in all the Omni was great, an excellent hotel which has a habit of selling rooms really cheap on the internet!	
Oct 3 2005	What a Great Spot!	I discovered the Omni by chance during a spur of the moment road trip to Boston. That was early this summer and since then, I have visited the Omni in Washington D.C and most recently, the Omni in Montreal. Each experience has been wonderful. The Omni in Montreal is excellent in terms of location. It is two blocks away from St. Catherine, about four from Crescent and a short cab or metro ride from Old Montreal and the St. Laurent area. It is also near in distance from Mont Royal but that is a trek uphill so for lazybones, a cab ride is best! It is also around the corner from the Peel Metro stop. I would recommend taking advantage of concierge services--they are very thorough and are happy to help. Unfortunately, I did not snap pictures but I will tell you that the rooms are a nice size (king/queen bed, loveseat, work desk, entertainment console without looking crowded) and the bathrooms larger than most other hotels.The pool is outdoors and heated. I wish I had known that being that Montreal had great weather the weekend I was there! Enjoy!	
Sep 7 2005	Strike Ongoing but Service Was Top-Notch	Yes, the strike is still on so we enjoyed some 80's music (Whitney Houston is going to force management to meet their demands on scheduling?!) and plenty of shouting, whistle-blowing, and drumming as we entered the hotel. As far as we could tell, the weekend strikers (volunteers, perhaps) were much more agressive than the weekday crowd.Service was top-notch despite the strike -- quick valet parking, helpful concierge, super fitness center (with fruit, towels, tons of lounge chairs, huge workout area, lots of machines for a hotel-based facility). We stayed as a Priceline reservation ($80 a night) so it was an exceptional bargain. Within close proximity of several family friendly restaurants including Le Taj for Indian and Chez Cora for super fruit focused breakfast.	
Sep 7 2005	hotel fine-service ok	the strike was still on during our recent stay at the omni. the street noise was loud and parking was horrendous. the hotel was nice, and our room was fairly nice, but nothing special really makes this hotel stand out. we received service at the cafe every morning i would consider &quot;cordial&quot;--no one really went out of their way to be too nice--except for one man who got us out of a bind with the parking problem. as far as location, it was within walking distance of everywhere downtown. not sure if we would stay here again simply because it was so noisy and congested.	
Aug 24 2005	Great hotel strike still on	We stayed @ the Omni 8/20-24 and the staff was just wonderful. The strike is still on and getting noisy but the hotel was great about it. They were kind enough to move us to a room on the other side of the hotel and up to the 22nd floor, but by day 3 of our visit the strikers decided to parade around the building blowing their whistles and pounding on drums.Anyway, Zen restaurant was great and the concierge most helpful. The room was clean and even though we were next to the elevator and the ice machine, it was quiet except for the strikers. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Omni and would go back again.	
Aug 17 2005	Omni~hotel on Strike here! Beware	I stayed her from 8/12-15...I never witnessed a hotel I stayed at b4 that was striking, no room service nor mini-bar available. I'm an Omni member~free beverage morning drink delivered to your room.(granted) I enjoyed my stay here, though I was a little disappoint by the on-going strike I had to ASKED to be made adjusted since I was on vacation &amp; each time I passed by the strikers felt sorry for them. I paid through priceline but was given full buffet b'fast each morning...this price is $18.75(CAD) plus taxes. I wasn't disappt. either...the room were cleaned good each day, entertainment/bell captain service was excellent. Was told for good steak &amp;seafood to go to Vargas restaurant~very expensive, but very good! Near everything, metro, underground shopping mall, the spa~Amerispa lower level was good...had a massage &amp; facial...the pool was a good size as well as the gym, &amp; whirlpool-EXCELLENT!! Zen restaurant is chinese, never ate there...The bed sleep ever sooo good, quiet hallways, not alot of kids here. the bar area was dead the whole wkend....Rebuen Rest. within walking distance, good, excellent staff at the hotel.....would I return here if ever in Montreal again? YESS!!	
Aug 5 2005	It real look nice and chilling it good for emtertainment	We were footballers send to play with a club in canada, we stayed in omni royal hotel canada montreal. It was soo Good and nice to be there. they were lot of fun there. confortable dinning room we stayed. i wish you too can go have a try of it. they have delicious meal and chocolate drink there. and many more which is not meet to be mentioned on net. have a nice day friend and dont forget to make your wise travel by staying in omin mont royal montreal canada.	
Aug 2 2005	Upgraded at the Omni	We arrived in Montreal and checked in at the Omni at noon. Unfortunately our room was not available, but that was not unusal since check-in is at 3pm. They asked if we had luggage and that they would hold it for us while we went sight-seeing. When we came back, the room we had booked was not available and without even a pause, they upgraded us to a Junior suite. It was fantastic! Especially since we paid the discounted rate for a deluxe room from the Montreal tourism website (go under last minute deals and you will save). We were on the 26th floor and my one year old daughter had plenty of space to walk, explore and play. It was perfect. There was a strike going on at the time and therefore no room service for food was available, but housekeeping was still available. The staff was quite pleasant and attentative. We self-parked our car for 15.75CAD and used the Metro to get everywhere. You are at the Peel Metro stop. If you want, you can valet for 26CAD with unlimited access to going in and out of the garage. Many restaurants surround the area. We went to Le Taj on Stanley which was good and child-friendly. We also went to many restaurants that were out of the way such as in Plateau Mont Royal and Montreal Sud. It is worth exploring Montreal. It is a fantastic city and this hotel made our stay memorable.	
Aug 1 2005	ok	this is a 3.5 stars with the old bones of a 5 star hotel...only go if you get a very good rate, nothing special really here...	
Jul 11 2005	Great hotel and location	We just spent a week in Quebec, half of it in Montreal, and this was my favorite hotel on the trip. The rooms are spacious (we had a king room), the location is perfect -- downtown but within good walking distance of Old Montreal and an easy drive down Sherbrooke to the botanical gardens -- and the bed was great. I'd highly recommend it. If you want to be in the old city, however, you may choose something a little closer to that part of town, but you'd be missing out on a lot of downtown activity.	
Jul 9 2005	Great ServiceWorn Room	The hotel had excellent service and is in a convenient location. However, the room was worn. Torn wallpaper, scratched and dented frurniture. Room service linens had holes. I want to note the room was clean even though it needed updating. While location was convenient it was not pretty. I would pick another hotel based on the condition of the room.	
Jul 5 2005	First Class Service and the View of Mont Royal Not Bad Either	I just recently stayed at the Omni for the 4th of July weekend. I really enjoyed the fantastic service and helpfulness of the staff. After I signed up for the Omni Select Guest program, I also recieved an upgrade to my room, along with fresh coffee and juice every morning for the duration of my stay there. My room was a nice large size and kept clean daily. The perk as well was a lovely view of Mont Royal! Shopping is close by as are fine restaurants and some of the major attractions. The Omni in Montreal is a fine hotel I am sure they will make your stay a memorable one.	
May 21 2005 	Great service and location	I've stayed at the Omni many times over the past 3 years and always had something often missing in Montreal business hotels - good service. The Omni was a Four Seasons and when the property changed hands most of the well trained staff stayed. They are professional and helpful. Room service is very good and managed well. The only thing the hotel really lacks is a good bar area for resting with a drink after work. The biggest negative is the streetside rooms are noisey and bathrooms could use some updating. The hotel was built without the sound-proof glass. Beds are good, decore formal, I had view of Mount Royal and McGill University on each visit. There are a lot of very good resturants within walking distance, but there were always cabs available. A short walk from St Cathrine's, Montreal's main shopping street, as well as museums, it's a very good location for those in town primiarly for business.	
May 17 2005	Great Hotel	Just completed a stay at the Omni Mont-Royal for a business conference and had a great experience. The staff was very helpful and the rooms were great-very large with nice furnishings and large marble bathrooms. Coffee and paper were outside the door each morning at the requested time and a fully staffed business center offered free use of computers for internet access and printers/copiers. Location is a little away from other downtown hotels but great restaurants nearby and Metro station within a block to get around Montreal. Recommend this hotel very highly.	
May 9 2005	great place to stay!	Just spent 3 nights at the Omni. I used to live in Montreal, therefore picked the Omni for it's central location, can walk to shopping and dining VERY easily. I usually don't like too &quot;fancy&quot; a hotel, but this was upscale without attitude. The rooms were very comfortable and the staff were super friendly and helpful. The best was that we NEVER were bothered by a maid, but had a spotless room... (where was she hiding? how did she know when we left?) I highly recommend this hotel!	
Apr 6 2005	Great location great hotel	We stayed here over Easter weekend and had a wonderful time. It is close to just about everything, either walking or by cab. The Asian restaurant in its basement, Zen, is very good, but then it's hard to have a bad meal anywhere in Montreal. I especially like that this hotel is up the street from Premiere Moison, a great place for breakfast, lunch, or just coffee and pastries any time of day.Beware if you need two beds. I requested 2 in my reservation and when I showed up, although I got an upgrade to a junior suite, all that was available was rooms with king beds. I was told that they have very few rooms with 2 beds---not really sure why they have made that decision unless it's to keep folks with kids away. The bed itself was OK, a little firm---not the heavenly bed at many chains. Although we were on the 17th floor, it was still a little noisy from the street, which can be busy all night---next time I would skip the junior suite if it meant a little more quiet. Bathroom was nothing special, but clean. A feature of this hotel is its pool, which is outdoors (entrance is from inside) and heated so you can swim anytime. They also have a pretty good gym for those used to working out in one. I found service to be very good---we neglected to have reservations for Easter brunch and the front desk did everything they could on Saturday night to get us a reservation for the next morning, although most restaurants were booked. They got us in at a great restaurant around the corner from the hotel.If you decide to stay, sign up (through the Omni Hotels site) for their preferred guest program. They'll send you upgrade coupons you can use for your stay.	
Mar 30 2005	Love The Omni!	Talk about catering to your every need.....The Omni Hotel did just that. I recently stayed at the Omni over Easter weekend with two other friends and we have nothing but rave reviews for the hotel. The health club is outstanding, boasting a whirlpool, outdoor pool, sauna, steam room, and a complete gym consisting of free weights and cardio equiptment. We are all from the Philadelphia area and demand alot when we stay at a hotel. The Omni met our every desire. The staff was friendly, knowledgable, and very very eager to please. The room was very spacious, comfortable, and clean. Everyone was so pleasant to us, right down to the cleaning woman. The valet, George, was an outstanding man with a personality to match. I plan on staying in this hotel everytime I visit Montreal!! The staff and the establishment classify as a class act in my mind.	
Mar 1 2005	Terrific rates for high quality hotel	Stayed here for a couple of nights attending a conference. Hotel is a few blocks north of the malls. If coming in the winter there are closer hotels attached to the underground so you never have to put on a coat. So if you do not mind going outside and walking a few blocks to the shops than this is a hotel for you. Service was superp, altways trying to help. Pool is a great touch especially for kids to swim outdoors in a snowstorm! One negative however is the Zen Chinese restaurant. They bring you a menu that only has a 32 dollar price fix (for two people you can pick 2-4 dishes. If you are not that hungry and ask they will bring you an ala carte menu but ordering soup, rice and one dish is almost the same price so it is better to go with the price fix menu. However the food was the worst Chinese food I have ever tasted. Very bland. The hot and sour soup was like paste. Take a taxi to China town and get a better meal at half the price.	
Feb 1 2005	Great location	Just got back from 3 nights at The Omni. The Omni is a nice hotel in a great location. I wouldn't say it is a 5 star luxury property, but it is nice in the Laura Ashley style of decor. The rooms were very big and we found the wireless internet connection a big advantage as we bought our laptop. The staff were friendly. The outdoor pool was a novelty in the middle of January - you swim through a tunnel from indoors to the outdoor part of the pool - warm enough as long as you stay under the water. The Amerispa in the basement was an excellent Spa with great rates and Zen Chinese restaurant was nice too. I would definately stay here again, but I wouldn't pay alot of $$$. It would have to be a good room rate.	
Jan 20 2005	Upscale Hotel	The Omni Montreal is an upscale, luxury hotel at a fair value. The rooms are magnificent and the service matches. Located in the heart of Montreal, across from McGill university and just north of St. Catherine st. Close to a variety of shopping and restaurants. When they say, &quot;Can I park your car?&quot; you should. Driving is nuts!!!	
Dec 26 2004 	Hotel is great.	Hotle omni is good in everything. talking of comfort, the hotel is good enough in comfort. The last time i visited the hotel with my uncle that stayed in califonia i really had a nice time. yes it hsa to be rated among other hotels, thanks.	
Nov 23 2004	Omni Mont-Royal Hotel - A Fabulous Hotel	We stayed at the Omni-Mont Royal Hotel for 9 days in November, 2004. We were welcomed at the front desk and able to check in prior to noon. The room was spacious and beautiful. The bathroom was all marble and quite large. Our experience with the concierge desk was always pleasant and helpful, particularly from one specific individual. The hotel had some conferences/meetings going on during our stay, but that did not interfere with our stay at all. Housekeeping cleaned the room twice a day. The location is excellent. It is close to the Metro (subway), walking distance to the shopping malls, and close to great restaurants &amp; bars. We would highly recommend this hotel...#1 pick!	
Nov 23 2004	The Poor-Man's Four Seasons	If Montreal is the poor-man's Paris, then the Omni Montreal is the poor-man's Four Seasons Hotel. The Omni was originally the Four Seasons and some of the glamour is still there. It has uniformed doormen and a large Four Seasonsesque flower bouquet in the lobby. Unfortunately since it's such a large hotel and is probably empty most of the time, perfect upkeep has ceded to very good upkeep. That is, it's mostly clean but looking a little tired (cracked sinks, old upholstery and a Four Seasons shower fixture signal it's time for renovation!). Still, where else can you get a clean large room, with modern amenities, huge bathroom, lovely king size bed and a 15th floor view for $99 CDN a night! It's in a perfect location and was an outstanding value.	
Nov 22 2004	Staff location and amenities all 4 star	A great location on Sherbrooke St. close to shopping and good dining. Room was clean, well decorated and the hotel was quiet overall. The fitness facilities were top notch and the staff were helpful, but a bit stiff. A business class hotel with conventions seems to be their market. The rates quoted by the hotel were $179.00 off season but you can get much better prices at expedia or travelocity. I used hotels and had a very unsatisfactrory experience. I booked my room about three weeks before arrival and they charged my card immediately. What seemed odd is that they did not send by booking to the Omni until two days before my arrival.	
Oct 5 2004	Mixed bag	I stayed in the Hotel Omni in August 2003. Valet was very unclear on the rates of the parking and takes awhile to retrieve your car even when I called ahead of leaving (valet or self park)- reasonable rates and safe though. There's plenty of street parking around if you want to look for it. Very snobby front desk staff- the Montreal atittude, I call it. Hotel was very nice and polished-marble floors, decor, etc. Room was an odd shape (very long and narrow) and missing a fridge but comfortable and clean (though more is expected from a 4 star hotel). Location on Sherbrooke is convenient to shopping district (St. Catherine) and restaurants (Crescent St)...a bit farther from tourist places like Vieux Montreal and St. Laurent but definitely walkable.	
Aug 25 2004	not that great	This hotel does not have two double beds so useless for people with two young kids! their choice is King or Twin Beds. not more than 3 people in a roomAlso the bathroom had hair all around the sink so not very clean and elevators are very slow.Contsruction going on around the area expensive parking all in all not a great bargain We loved the Le Centre Sheraton in Montreal much nicer area and absolutely lovely hotel for adults and children.	
Aug 18 2004	Our new favorite Hotel in Montreal	This was the best hotel experience we have had in our many trips to Montreal. (Previously stayed at the Vogue, Montagne Le St Sulpice &amp; Intercontinental)The location is fabulous, in the middle of everything yet on beautiful, fairly quiet Sherbrooke. We arrived at 10 pm and our express check in was ready. We were given a brief tour of the hotel and shown to our upgraded premium, corner room on the 24th floor with a view of the city and Mt. Royal. The room was very large with a king bed, desk &amp; chair, loveseat, round table and 2 more chairs. It was more than comfortable, it was spacious and elegantly furnished.The hotel pool and gym were wonderful treats in the middle of the city. This is a heated outdoor pool with indoor access so that it is used all throughout the winter. We also took advantage of the Amerispa which is on the lower level. The services were outstanding. I loved my facial..they used Darphin products and my husband was thrilled with his massage. They book up very solidly so make reservations as soon as you know you are going. He could not get a second massage appointment.Breakfast was in the Petit Opus restaurant on the main level and consisted of a lovely buffet as well as an ala carte menu. We booked through American Express Platinum fine hotels and Continental breakfast was included. We added the buffet for an additional $4.50 CAD per person.	
Aug 12 2004	Room with no bed	This place may be good but beware: They gave me a room with a sofa, side chair, dining room table, 4 chairs, and living room furniture (no dressers). One notable item not in the room was a bed. It looks like theywere putting people in both rooms of a two room suite suite and locking the door between.When I complained they refused to give me a room with a bed, insiting that I use the pull out sofa. They said that when you reserve that yourchoice of bedding type was just a preference, and they could give you any &quot;run of house&quot; room, including rooms with only sofabeds. I had to fight with them to get a refund of my prepaid reservation and I took my business elsewhere (Le Meridien). They acted surprised that someone would find a fault with such a room and were completely unapologetic.Hey, there other rooms may be nice, but why take a chance with this place? You too may end up with a room with no bed. The last thing you need when coming off a long flight is to deal with this sort of inconvienience, and you are paying a premium to stay here.	
Jul 29 2004	The Omni-the best the french have to offer	We stayed at the Omni on the weekend of the comedy festival July 24th, so it was very busy and completely booked. The Omni deserves it's five star rating. We were given a &quot;preferred guest&quot; room on the 17th floor. It was a deluxe room with everything you could possibly need. There was wireless internet everywhere in the hotel. The pool and the workout room was excellent and very clean. They gave us an amazing parking spot on the driveway of the hotel, literally 2 feet away when you stepped out for $15 per night. It was an amazing deal. The staff was so great. The preffered guest card allowed you free turnover service, chocolates on the bed, and a free fresh beverage every day outside your door in the morning with your newspaper. I would recommend this hotel, I don't know why people gave it such poor reviews. It's the best hotel we've ever stayed at in Montreal. The staff was AMAZING. They were so friendly, it was unbelievable. Don't listen to the snobby people, if you get a deluxe room with your preferred guest card (available on their site), I'm sure you will be as happy as we were. There just isn't a better hotel than this, in my opinion.	
Jun 25 2004	Was ok	I stayed at this hotel in May 2003. I have no complaints about this property. However, the rooms are very &quot;generic&quot; hotel, and dated. Nothing special and won't stay there again. I would recommend the Sofitel which is directly across the street.	
Apr 1 2004	Foods are good but the waiter is bad	The foods are good comparing with the price, but the service is really bad. If I don't remember it wrong, the waiter is call Gary. Whatever we requested, it takes so long for him to bring it to us. But we always saw he had plenty of time to chat with other waiters. I don't know if I am too picky, and I hope he is the only worst waiter in this restaurant, otherwise the whole restaurant will get ruin by such kind of services.	
Feb 20 2004	LOVE IT!	We've stayed at the Hotel Omni Mont Royal MANY times and LOVE IT! It's beautiful, in a great location, right in between St. Catherine and Rue Sherbrooke, and they seem to treat everyone very well regardless of &quot;status.&quot; We've strolled in with bags and coolers and everything and they didn't seem to think we were tacky at all, even if we were! The staff is always very friendly and very attentive and want to know how your stay is going and if you need anything. Some of the rooms are really big and some are small (BUT NOT TINY). So if space is an issue for you, make sure you specify! All the rooms are lovely though. Someone on this Website said &quot;outdated&quot; in one review, but I've never seen that at all. It's very traditional, Queen Anne type furniture, but not old or run down.	
Feb 17 2004	Highly recommended	We stayed at this hotel Valentine's Day 2004 and were very satisfied -- especially for the $80 US we paid on Priceline. Our accomodations were luxurious. The health club and heated pool a bonus. Only only complaint is that the staff seemed a little disinterested and did not respond to problems as they promised. We asked to have a burned-out light replaced. They said they'd take care of it but did not. We asked for a cot but it was never delivered.	
Dec 1 2003	Adequate Lodging - with some nice ammentities	Stayed at the Omni only two nights. Got a $90 night deal on priceline, which made it worth the stay. The room we had was decent, king bed, clean bathroom, some cable, room service was good, but unfortuantely no coffee maker. The pool is heated outdoor with an entrance from indoors, which was nice. The hot tub and workout facilities are nice as well. The valet parking is steep at $26 per night, but you can park behind the hotel at a garage yourself for $14 a day. The hotel is in a decent location, 1 block from the underground mall and subway. I would agree with other reviews that the hotel is more like a nice 3 star than a 4 star, but adequate if you get a decent price for the room.	
Nov 4 2003	Not a 5 star property!	The hotel rooms at the Omni are 80`s vintage with somewhat tasteful decor.Outdated bathrooms and when I requested a larger room with a bigger bathroom I was told that all the rooms were the same.This is a 5 star hotel?The valet parking is the most expensive downtown.Breakfast was only average but again pricey.I have complained about my experience to the management and am awaiting their reply.I will write back with their response.Until then I will be staying across the street at The Sofitel next time.	
Oct 26 2003	All in all clean and o.k. but very loud	I stayed for six nights at the Omni. Staff was very helpful, the room was very spacious and always clean. The interior of the room was not quite my taste; I guess my grandma would have loved it. I missed the individual character of Montreals Le Germain or Les Armes; to be honest I think it was boring. One thing was very annoying: My room was on 10th floor facing Rue Sherbrooke, and the noise of the traffic was really loud, even with closed windows. I dont wake up easily, but I had to use earplugs. AC didnt really heat up the room. All in all, I'd say the Omni was pretty o.k., but for what I paid I'll go somewhere else next time.	
Oct 19 2003	More than I expected	Spent seven nights at the Omni while attending a conference at McGill University. Received a discounted rate as a conference attendee, so expected &quot;discounted&quot; accommodations (i.e., expected the hotel's bottom-line, lowest standard room.) Could not believe that the &quot;bottom-line, lowest-standard room&quot; bordered on luxury. Was absolutely delighted. HUGE room, lovely decor, outstanding and prompt room service, gracious personnel from the reservations staff to the janitorial staff. The bed was to die for, as were the feather pillows. Wouldn't even consider staying anywhere else if I return to Montreal. If I HAD to find something to complain about, it would be that the cleaning people were a little too zealous - wanted to clean the room twice a day!	
Oct 15 2003	Omni Mont Royal	My husband and I just returned from a three night stay at the Omni per the info on this web site. We felt that the hotel was very tired and could use an overhaul. The same candy wrapper was on the floor for three days every time we got off the elevator. We had a premium king room which was a good size and a great bathroom but the amenites in the bathroom were just ok. The furniture in the room was a little dated and rickety. We ate at the Zen the first night and although the food was good the service was lousy,we waited 90 minutes for our meal. This hotel was quite expensive for what it was, we would probably stay at the Sofitel the next time.	
Sep 10 2003	A Great Hidden Treasure in Montreal	I just spent 2-night weekend at the Omni Hotel in Montreal and was so impressed by the decor, the room, the staff, the service, the restaurant and the facilities.The Omni is situated only two blocks from Ste Catherine Street where all the action and shopping is. Although the exterior of the Omni is nothing special, the interior decor is very elegant and stylish. The staff including the concierge are very professional and helpful. The rooms are good size and the bed is amazing (it is actually very comparable to the Westin's heavenly bed if you ever had that!). We had a weekend getaway package which included a beautiful room overlooking Mont Royal and a complimentary breakfast for two. The rate was very affordable, and the breakfast was delicious.I picked the Omni because it was rated the #1 hotel to stay at in Montreal. I will attest to that!	
Aug 12 2003	Pleasurable Stay at The Omni Mont-Royal	We enjoyed our stay at the Omni Mont Royal. The location is equidistant to most areas a tourist would want to visit. Close to the Peel Metro stop and McGill University. The staff and everyone in Montreal were noticeably very friendly and polite. The rooms are nice with large bathrooms with Swiss Institute toiletries and fluffy bathrobes. The health club is large and nicely equipped. The hotel can provide gym clothes and shoes. We were upgraded to a premium twin on the top floor of the hotel and had a great view of the city. Recommend signing up for the Omni Select Guest Program before your stay. Then you can get free coffee and orange juice every morning delivered to your room. Maybe our membership was a factor in getting upgraded to a room on the 31st floor. Recommend Chez Cora for breakfast. A location is a couple blocks away near on Rue Stanley. Chez Cora is a reasonably priced popular Montreal breakfast spot . Bring comfortable shoes, you will walk a lot!	
Aug 1 2003	The best in Montreal		
Apr 26 2003	Omini Mont Royal Just Right		
Apr 13 2003	Great weekend getaway		
Mar 14 2003	Can't beat the Omni		
Feb 16 2003	Here Is the Scoop		
Jan 20 2003	great hotel great location		
Nov 4 2002	Oui to the Omni		
Oct 20 2002	OK Omni Better at the Bonaventure		
Aug 5 2002	A wonderful stay!!		
Apr 16 2002	An excellent place to stay		
Oct 25 2009 	Une bonne adresse		
Oct 20 2009 	Ausgezeichnet!		
Aug 24 2009 	L'un des meilleurs en ville		
Jul 12 2009 	Trés agréable		
Feb 9 2009 	Nous y retournerons!		
Nov 13 2008 	Parfait		
Nov 12 2008 	J'adore cet hotel et le service		
Aug 12 2008 	Super bel hotel et chambres luxueuses		
Feb 14 2008 	Excellent		
Oct 16 2007 	Muy buen Hotel		
