	Finest Hotel in Canada	To the business traveller looking for a trendy, chic, amazing experience in hotels, the W Montreal is the finest to be found. You are treated with professionalism and cordiality from the minute you walk in the lobby. The rooms are spacious with monstrous bathrooms and copious amenities. The Concierge always strives for perfection no matter what you need. The small boite of a bar off the lobby is the perfect place to unwind in the capable bartending hands of Paul. Everyone remembers your name and makes you feel welcome. Bryan (one of the managers) is exacting and ensures every visit is perfection. The only drawback is the lackluster restaurant (not owned by the hotel). I choose the W Montreal as one of my favorite hotels in the world.	
	Excellent stay extremely "WOW'd"	I decided to take a one night trip up to Montreal after staying in Vermont over Thanksgiving and had a fabulous stay at the W. Upon checking in, I was upgraded to the Extreme WOW suite and it was amazing. Bose surround sound, espresso machine, dining table, living room, huge balcony, 20 foot glass walls, 1.5 bathrooms. It was fabulous and I really appreciated the upgrade. Even as a platinum starwood member, very few places will upgrade you to the nicest suites, so it was very nice of them to do it on my cash and points rate.PROSThe location was great and we were able to walk all around Old Montreal to see the sites. I highly recommend the Notre Dame Basillica, it was maybe a 5-10 minute walk from the Hotel. The train station is also really close as is the Montreal subway. The staff was really great. The hotel was extremely clean and everyone we asked for help was extremely accomodating. We ordered room service for dinner, and it arrived very promptly and the food was delicious. The upgrade to the suite was great, and when out room wasn't ready, we were given two free cocktails at the bar which was a nice gesture.The restaurant was superb. We had lunch their upon arrival and the food and service were excellent. The meals were around $25 per person which included an appetizer.CONSThe internet didn't work the first day we were there and we had to wait for our room until 5pm. WIth the upgrade I didn't mind as much, but this might be annoying if you had to wait this long for the room actually booked. The workout room was kind of small compared to some other non-NYC Ws, but it still had a couple ellipticals and treadmills and a small free weight area.Other than that our stay was perfect and I will definitely return to this hotel on my next trip to Montreal.	
	Ultra Trendy	Very chic! Very trendy and lots of fun. The only drawback was the high price tag that goes with ultra modern chic!	
	Definitive "cool" hotel	If you're looking for a place to stay in Montreal that's close to &quot;everything&quot;, and is a little different from your traditional hotel, this is it. Located on the edge of old Montreal, but within walking distance of Place Bonaventure, gare Centrale (train station), the Bell Centre, rue Sherbourne, etc. The decor is &quot;cool&quot;; think modern trip-hop European with dramatic muted lighting, square edges, light sculptures. Rooms are large enough, with flat screen TVs and DVD players, and &quot;see-through&quot; showers (something you either enjoy or not...!) Service is impeccable, and the bar is a place to see, and be seen.	
	Simply Superb !!!	As a person who stays in hotels about 40 times a year, I am able to compare and constrast the best and worst many hotels have to offer. The W Montreal ranks as an exceptional hotel - why ? Yes the LOCATION is ideal, close to some of the best bars, restaurants, architectural buildings. Yes the ATMOSPHERE in the lobby, elevators, hallways is fresh with modern elegance and class, setting just the right mood for any evening. What seperates it from the rest is the simply AMAZING and thoughtfull STAFF. The bartini is a must visit. Sou at Bartini is not only able to pour you the most sinful of drinks your taste buds may desire, but she will provide you the personal attention and warmth that you always expect, and rarely receive. Sou is one example of what makes individuals like myself continuously return to the W, again and again. Hence the amazing personal attention, location, and atmosphere, can make any visit to the W Montreal, a treat for all your senses. Can't wait to go back.	
	ahhhh modern luxury for the traveler looking for fun and relaxation!	The staff at the W Hotel Montreal has always been fantastic in their ability to remember your name and ensure that everything is perfect. From the kind doormen to Paul Ielovcich at the coffee bar in the mornings - everyone is concerned with guests having an excellent stay.	
	Home away from Home	I am a frequent business traveler that stays at the W Montreal maybe one or two times per month usually for a few days on each stay. I find the hotel to be centrally located and one of the more enjoyable stops on my business in Montreal.The rooms are quite nice and the W Montreal is one of the few hotels that have windows that can be opened to allow fresh air in to supplement the central air which I find sometimes stale. The beds are quite very comfortable and allow for a great night’s sleep.The business center is tiny and in an enclosed room that gets quite warm. Not a plus at a hotel like this. The fitness center is convenient and has equipment to allow you to have a good workout.The bars at the hotel are quite good and diverse and afford a different setting and experience depending on your mood. Bartini on the first level is small and quaint and allows the &quot;Cheers&quot; experience so to speak. The Plateau Lounge on the second floor is great to relax, chat, maybe people watch but also a great spot to grab a drink with colleagues after work. The other bright spot at the hotel is the staff. Obviously travelling frequently to the hotel has allowed me to get to know the various staff and I have nothing but high praise for their professionalism and commitment to service. The Doorman are always polite and offer a hand. The front staff, what can I say. I feel like I am at home. Arriving after a long flight and being greeted by name and asked how my trip was etc. is always pleasant and appreciated. CatherineL in particular always finds a way to make me and my fellow business travelers stay at the hotel just that more special.Overall, I have had the opportunity to stay at other business hotels in Montreal but I find the W to be both stylish and hip while affording a level of business professionalism that is well complimented. The other hotels are nice but are often staid. I highly recommend this hotel.	
Nov 25 2009 	They are the BEST!	I am a regular guest of this hotel and I can say that they are the best!! The service is excellent! Each and every employee is willing to help, they smile and they take the time to make sure that everything is perfect for you! The decor is gorgeous and the ambiance is very cool! You get the wow factor! The hotel is very clean and they pay attention to details! The location is perfect, you can walk to go everywhere and you have direct access to the subway! If you go to the Wunderbar or Plateau Bar make sure your try &quot;a la rose&quot; this is my favourite cocktail!! It is incredible! The breakfast at Otto is very good too! I am a &quot;hard to please customer&quot; so... if I say this hotel is perfect it is because it is perfect :-) I always stay at luxury hotels and this hotel is the definition of luxury! Have a nice stay!	
Nov 25 2009 	Service at the W was hmmm Wonderful. Thank you Catherine L.	Private, special, wonderful, I had a great weekend planned for me and my partner. Without Catherine Lesperance, the hotel services manager, I believe, it could not have been so special. Catherine went out of her way to make sure the room had extra special, delicate touches of perfection. Both of us are so pleased to have stayed, so welcome in our own city, a home away from home.Thanks, Catherine. Thank you W!	
Nov 25 2009 	Well treated and exceptionally well taken care of!	My wife and I completed a 3 night stay at W Hotel Montreal and we loved the hotel accomodations, facilities and staff. This was our second visit to W Montreal, our first being 5 years ago when the hotel was newly opened. What a refreshing change from our first visit!!! The staff were very friendly and welcoming (Katherine at the front desk), we were offered an upgrade to a suite which was very nicely appointed, spacious and extremely comfortable. We very much enjoyed the convenient location of the hotel, walking distance to shopping, metro and restaurants. Bartini is a nice stop on your way out for the evening.We would highly recommend this hotel	
Nov 24 2009 	Warm Greeting!	Wonderful experience at the W! Great room and location. Appreciated the warm greeting from the dedicated staff and especially Catherine at the front desk. Her helpful, positive, and sunny energy made visit WOW. Looking forward to my next visit!!	
Nov 24 2009 	W Montreal- Top Notch	I travel to Monreal frequently and have experienced most of the Starwood properties in the city. The W Montreal is, by far, my favorite. From the moment I walk in the door, the energetic and friendly front desk staff always greet me by name (Catherine is the best!) and make sure my stay is going well. I always think it is a nice touch when a hotel calls right after you go to your room to make sure everything is okay. All staff at the hotel- from the doormen to concierge are top notch and they have been so consistently for the last two years of traveling there. From my experience, it is always a sign of a good hotel management when they can keep good staff. The location is ideal- in between downtown and the Old Port and right on Square Victoria. The W is a nice getaway from your run-of-the mill business hotel and I highly recommend it- for either business or pleasure.	
Nov 23 2009 	Worthwhile	My husband and I stayed at the W Hotel in Montreal this past weekend. We booked a king but wehn we checked in they had us in a queen. I asked for that to be corrected and they had no problem with that other than it would be 45 minutes (closer to 1 /12 hrs). In the meantime they sent us to &quot;Bartini&quot; for complimentary drinks. Here we chatted with Dani who filled us in a bit about the &quot;W&quot; philosophy. It was a bit too long a wait, but we were in no rush. Our luggage was to be in our room, but we had to call down and then it still took a while so we got it ourselves as we wanted to dress to go out. The room was really lovely. SPOTLESS. In fact the whole place is. Not a fingerprint on any mirror, glass or surface anywhere. Impeccably clean. Nicely appointed. I have a thing about those horrible polyester hotel bedspreads, so picked the W as it mentioned duvets on their room amenities list. The bed was extremely comfy with feather bed, down pillows etc. Loved the oversized velvet chaise for reading and the turquoise tafetta drapery. Very quiet. I found the valets to be really helpful and the staff pleasant but not too kissy-poo. Did not like the 18% surcharge on room service on top of the $5.00 delivery. Internet in hotel like this should be complimentary as should a coffee maker in room. It is those little things that make the difference when I select a hotel. Dont mind paying for a cup when I have time to wake up and make myself presentable. The peek-a-boo shower was no big deal, there is a shower curtain you can pull for privacy for the toilet. As other reviewers noted , it is a young crowd, but it did not feel like a party hotel at all. We are almost 50 and did not feel like the old timers. Great lounge and lobby to people watch. From a design standpoint, it is beautifully done and definitely feels special. I really enjoyed it.	
Nov 20 2009 	W stands for Wonderful	Halloween at the W in Montreal was fantastic. The hotel is located in beautiful old Montreal, walking distance from some of the finest architecture in Canada. It's location is also walking distance from downtown, and a quick cab to St. Laurent and St. Denis. Our room was amazing. Two floors with the second over hanging the first. Two storey floor to ceiling windows, and a fantastic glass shower over the living area, enjoying the view of Victoria Square. The staff at the W were fantastic! A big Thank You to our concierge Patrick for hooking us up with fantastic Canadians tickets to see them play Toronto. Two bars and a great resto in the hotel gives you plenty of reason just to stay in the hotel only. Great Hotel, great location, great staff, great city!!Andrew, Winnipeg, MB	
Nov 19 2009 	This hotel does it all and with so much class!	The W Montreal is the perfect place to take care of business and then relax and enjoy all this fine hotel has to offer. The warm and wonderful way the bell staff greets you and the way the front desk checks you in makes you feel so very welcome. There is also a certain &quot;magic&quot; in the air in every part of the hotel. The rooms are beautifully appointed and oh so comfortable. The professionally trained staff is always ready to tend to anything you might need and with such grace and style. There is nothing like a great restaurant with outstanding cuisne and an amazing wine list to go with it and how wonderful that Otto is located within the W. When you need to relax, the Away Spa has the staff to expertly pamper you. When you want great drinks and a cool atmosphere, the Plateau Bar does it well and with such class. I highly recommend this hotel for both business and pleasure!	
Nov 19 2009 	WOW....absolutely fantastic	I recently stayed at the W Montreal and it was one of the most positive experiences I have ever had in any hotel. My work requires travel weekly so I am often in hotels and this is by far the best of the best. Rooms are great but the service is what makes it stand out. Entire team is always available to meet your needs, especially Francois (the W Insider). If you are in Montreal you must stay at the W and be sure to find Francois, Mireille &amp; Patrick (best concierges ever) and of course stop by Bartini for a drink with Sou.	
Nov 14 2009 	The Source of all Fabulousness	I had never stayed in a W before, so please understand that I can only compare it to other hotels when I say: wow. It was an amazing experience. We stopped by planning to extend our stay in Montreal by one extra night. It was a Wednesday around 11:00 a.m., and Pauline at the front desk was not just helpful, she was exceptionally helpful. We needed a room to check into right then, because otherwise we would have had to leave our bags at the desk or in the car as we grabbed a late breakfast/early lunch, and she found us a room right there on the spot. And her chatting with us about why we were in town - my birthday - was really sweet, and it was even sweeter when she set a small tray of chocolate covered strawberries up to the room with a &quot;Happy Birthday&quot; card as well. And the room. I think that in an ideal world I will someday have that room as my oasis / bedroom. The bed was crazy comfy, the layout and styling was beautiful, and the bathroom was really neat. There were big curtains that shut the bedroom off from the bathroom, and a second curtain in the vertical rain shower. The toilet was a separate small room in the back, and it was the only weird thing about the room, as it was all dark brown with little light and a blown up photo of a dandelion head on one wall. It gets points for style but was a little less comfy-luxury and a little more artsy club bathroom stall.We tried two of the bars while we were there, the ultraloungey Wonderbar and the Plateau Bar. The Plateau was nice, but they were out of Wild Turkey and tried to substitute Jameson, something that upset my scotch-loving fiancee a bit. &quot;You can't just take bourbon and replace it with whiskey; they're entirely different drinks, you see,&quot; he said to our waitress. She didn't quite seem to get it, but was very polite. I had an amazing Brazilian liquor drink the name of which I forget, but it had that refreshing and intoxicating quality that you only get with a great blend of liquor, lime, and mint. Highly recommend it, if you can figure out what it is from this slightly generic description.We hit Wonderbar later in the night, and it filled up like crazy and was exactly what you'd want an ultralounge to be - loud and packed full of fabulous people. It was neat to be able to bypass the line and pop right in there because we were guests of the hotel. I can only imagine how awesomely privileged you feel when you do this on a Saturday and not a weeknight.The W's location right on the border of old Montreal is choice. The concierges were very helpful when we needed a point in the right direction for food. We didn't even give them very much help the first time, when we stopped by and asked for a dinner recommendation. &quot;What type of cuisine are you looking for,&quot; he asked. &quot;Not steak,&quot; I said. My fiancee asked where he liked to eat dinner, and he immediately recommended Barroco, about six blocks away. We chose to walk, as we'd done a bit of driving already, and had an amazing meal. (If you go, get the short ribs. Holy moly, they fell right off the bone.) And their quick breakfast recommendation the next morning was great as well.The valets were all very nice and quite fast, and offered to wash our car when we arrived. We declined, as we had gotten it dirty on purpose offroading in Vermont, and thought the mud looked great over the bright yellow Jeep Wrangler. As we were leaving to drive back home, the valet that day gave us a few bottles of water for the road, and thanked us for staying.All in all, everyone we spoke to at the W was helpful, nice, and fun, and we had an amazing time. I highly recommend checking it out if you ever get the chance to stay in Montreal.	
Nov 12 2009 	My favorite W Hotel!	It was six months ago that I stayed at W Montreal for the first time and I've become a huge fan of the hotel! I'm a young professional and I like the sexy vibe from W Montreal. I've stayed at several W Hotels and W Montreal is always on the top of my list. The staffs are always nice and helpful, rooms are beautiful and clean, great restaurant OTTO, and excellent treatments at the Away Spa (you have to try the hot stone massage!). I find myself wanting to go back to Montreal just to stay at the hotel!A recommendation, sign up a Starwood account because you would want to become a loyal guest and receive top notch service. Thanks W Montreal for always making my trips enjoyable!	
Nov 6 2009 	Excellent as always!	W Montreal is the first W I ever went to about a year and a half ago and it has addicted me to the brand since! The staff at the W are incredible and have always gone over the top to make sure we are happy! And do not hesitate to use the whatever/whenever service - they got some pretty difficult requests handled for us!	
Nov 3 2009 	Very nice hotel	We had a pleasant stay at the W Montreal. I'll summarize below:Staff: The staff were friendly, but not amazingly friendly. No acknowledgement made by staff when you walked by them in the lobby; that was a little disappointing. We were celebrating our 5th anniversary and they'd sent up a little tray of chocolates, so we really appreciated that. Otherwise, no one was rude.Rooms: We were in an accessible room (not-needed?) on the ninth floor. It was a corner room, so there was extra space which we liked. The room was by the staff stairwell or something, because we heard a loud door opening and closing a lot. That was very annoying. Other than that the room was nice. Big king size bed, nice flat screen tv, and a modern bathroom. Because we were in an accessible room, it didn't have the &quot;voyeur&quot; shower open to the bedroom like the rest of the rooms do (so if you're not up for the see through shower, ask for an accessible room, I guess).Housekeeping: Didn't run into any room attendants, but our room was &quot;styled&quot; nicely every morning. One morning I was in the shower when he/she came to clean the room. Instead of trying again at another time, they slipped a card under the door that asked me to dial &quot;0&quot; when I was ready to have my room cleaned. I thought that was a nice idea instead of them trying to guess when a better time would be.Area: The W is located just a little out of the way of &quot;downtown&quot;, but we walked pretty much everywhere we needed to go. It's about a 10 minute walk to St. Catherine street where we did most of our shopping and eating. We didn't mind the walking at all, it was kind of nice to tour around. Amenities: The downside to this hotel was that there was no pool. We knew that when we booked, but I still found that disappointing. Also, their fitness centre is pretty small, but adequate. There are two treadmills, two ellipticals, two bikes, some weights and yoga balls. There are little TVs on each piece of cardio equipment which is nice if you find work outs boring and they even provide earphones for free incase you forget yours. Didn't go see the business centre, but I heard it was nice. No free high speed Internet, but it's free in the lobby. I think it's $20 per 24 hour period for Internet, so we just opted to go to the lobby when we needed Internet.Restaurants/Lounges: We didn't eat in any of the outlets at the W. The restaurant &quot;Otto&quot; looked very nice, but we decided to go out and try other places. The &quot;Bartini&quot; is a small bar with about 5 stools, pretty cute. We didn't go to the &quot;Wunderbar&quot;, but it seemed to be pretty quiet on Saturday night. We didn't try the lounge upstairs, either.Transportation: Like I said, we walked pretty much everywhere. We went to La Ronde on Saturday, and to get there we took advantage of the complimentary Acura shuttle provided by the hotel. The concierge said it was normally out of the service area, but because it wasn't too busy, they drove us anyway. I thought that was pretty nice of them. They only do drop offs (no pick ups), so we had to take the metro back. It was very quick, easy, and cheap to use the metro, so I highly suggest that over cab use. The Metro station &quot;Square Victoria&quot; was right across the street and it's on the orange line.Not sure what else I'm forgetting, but overall, we had a nice time at the W. I'm not sure if I was expecting more, but I just wasn't blown away. I do recommed staying here, though.	
Oct 28 2009 	W ..........Wonderful	we stayed there for my husband 40 th birthday and we love it.the glass shower with downtown view and big screen tv was awsome.the staff will go out of their way to please you.	
Oct 19 2009 	memorable!!	I got married at a restauant just a couple of steps away from the w hotel so it happened to be the most convinient location for us, but upon arrival, we realized that it was much more than just convenient. Our room was by far the nicest and trendiest room I had ever seen and for a price that really matched our budget. It was spic and span and cosy. We had dinner downstairs the first night and it was delicious. I will definitly be a repeat guest at the W. It really made our wedding weekent an extra special experience!!!	
Oct 8 2009 	Swank Hotel- With"interesting" Showe	Overall, it is a very swank hotel with very cool bar scene that guests have immediate access too.It is a little bit on the pricey side but that is expected with most W hotels.The showers are surrounded by glass that look out onto the bedroom which is fine if you are with your spouse but if with your buddies on a bachelor party trip it is very awkward	
Oct 8 2009 	Wow Wow Wow Wow!!	Well the title of this review says it all, i was amazed from the moment i found the hotel, the valet was super helpful in giving me a couple of parking options. First impressions count, and the valet was so so helpful, very friendly and welcoming. When i got in the hotel, i was jaw-dropped at the funkyness, the music, everything about the lobby made me feel so relaxed after an uncomfortable two night stay at Le Meridien in Montreal.I eventually headed to reception, who were amazingly helpful, they were so genuine and had a sincere smile.Then to the room. This is what hotel rooms should be like. It was so so funky, the bathroom was top class, i'm one of these guests who go straight to the bathroom to check that out, i dont know why, i just am!!Unfortunately i had to check out really early for a massive drive to Halifax, so i didnt get to try the breakfast, but from talking to a fellow guest in the bar at night who stays the regularly, i missed a treat.I want to return to Canada soon, so i will certainly make sure Montreal, and the W, is on my schedule!!	
Sep 29 2009 	AMAZING Weekend in AMAZING hotel!	When deciding to spend a special weekend with my partner, I opted to go for the W Montreal, as I had stayed there once before, and continue to hear great things about it. Provided below is a breakdown of our stay, along with some honest feedback about all areas.CHECK-INChecked in a little earlier than planned, but was welcomed by a very pleasant worker at the front desk. The lobby is pretty frunky, and has a young, hip, and &quot;club&quot; feel to it, complete with the red mood lighting and music. Following a conversation earlier that week with their hard working concierge Patrick, we were upgraded to a WOW suite.THE ROOMThe room itself was INCREDIBLE! 20 foot ceilings with a whole wall of windows, opening up on the terrace, our two-story WOW suite was on the penthouse level of the hotel. There was a great living room and 2nd washroom on the main floor. Walking up the stairs to our loft bedroom was great, the coolest feature being the bathroom on the second floor which has a shower that opens up to the living room on the first floor! Very sexy, indeed! Bed/pillows was great and very soft!ROOM SERVICEWe had an amazing worker on our floor (Penelope) who took GREAT care of us! She brought us a bottle of champagne following our arrival, and was very pleasant. She had taken care of all arrangements for setting the room up for a special reception we were having the following night, so we had absolutely nothing to worry about! She arranged to have all of our bottles put on ice, and set up the entire bar area for us. The price for the juices/soft drinks we had ordered were on the expensive side (typical of room service everywhere, though it seemed much more expensive at the W than I've seen elsewhere) but still, the convienence of having them worry about it/get it all set up is worth it!SPECIAL REQUESTSThe W prides themselves by offering their whatever/whenever service, and it's totally true! When I realized that I forgot my iPhone charger and panicked when my phone was almost dead, another friendly concierge (Mireille) recharged it right at her desk. Calls to the front desk for special amenities/requests that we wanted to the room was always brought to us promptly by yet another hard working/attractive staff member. The concierge also recommended a great place to eat, and arranged our reservations in record time!WUNDERBARA few years ago, the Wunderbar at the W was the place to be. It still is. We ended up here after a few other clubs and it was a good time. Good music, beautiful people... good times all around!	
Sep 21 2009	Ideal spot for a funfilled partying weekend.	I had a great time while staying at the W. It happens to have one of the best &quot;hot spots&quot; in the city for hanging on Fri. &amp; Sat. nights.Its great hotel for a bachelor party, romantic weekend getaway. I found the concierge there to be knowledgeable, well connected (able to get me into restaurants &amp; clubs at a minutes noticed), friendly &amp; beautiful.Note, this isn't a low budget spot but it is worth every dime.Dex	
Sep 15 2009 	Great hotel for one not so great for us.	W Montreal is a great, stylish hotel in a wonderful location. This was our first W and we were surprised to find the wall between the bathroom and the bedroom is made of glass. They call it an open concept. It means you can see out into the bedroom. And anyone in the bedroom can see into the bathroom. All the bathroom. In our case, not necessarily a pretty sight. It also means if you go into the bathroom during the night and turn on the light, it the entire bedroom gets lit up bright as day. Internet access in room is expensive but wireless is free in the lobby and mezanene. There is no coffee in the rooms and no free coffee anywhere. But they did put 2 bottles of W water in the car when we left. The concierge was fabulous, sending us out for one of the best meals we've ever had.	
Sep 14 2009 	W is for Weird	After lugging your suitcases up the steps to the lobby, you will find that the lobby is strikingly lit with soft, but still garish red illumination, furnished with retro-1950s furnishings, and filled with loud electro-pop sound. The W Hotel was clean, the staff was friendly and efficient, and the location is convenient to the downtown business district and to the Old Port. The spacious room had a very large bath and restroom, but the shower stall, though roomy enough for six people, had a single, non-adjustable rain shower-style shower head in the ceiling and placed next to the wall. Very inconvenient. The tiled floor of the shower stall is very slippery. Watch out! We searched for unused electric outlets and eventually found two behind the plasma TV. The small closet had three very small drawers for clothing. The door to the toilet room doesn't have a handle, but instead a tiny two-finger pull. If the door fits snugly, then &quot;good luck&quot; in opening the door by pulling the tiny door pull. The Tivoli clock radio was superb. The king-size bed was comfortable, but the hideous faux-fur bed cover had an odd odor. &quot;W&quot; is for weird.	
Sep 10 2009 	Great location. Pleasant stay.	The hotel is in a great location. I stayed midweek and I didn't find the hotel to be loud or crazy as some of the other reviews have stated. I'm sure it may have been busier over the upcoming holiday weekend.The Lobby is very tastefully done. The meeting rooms are very pleasant. The guest rooms are clean and comfortable. My rooms faced Victoria Square so it was very nice. Some rooms may have &quot;interior&quot; views and I'm not sure whether those rooms will be as nice. The service is very good. This is the fourth W Hotel I've stayed in and I'd have to say they're pretty consistent in terms of the staff, service, rooms, amenities, etc.	
Sep 8 2009 	One of the Best W Hotel in the World. Good Location Friendly Service!	As title suggested, I had a VERY satisfied stay at this property. Arrived on a sold-out weekend (which is very common at this property), from the moment that I stepped in, I was instantly &quot;in-Love&quot; with this hotel.Check inThere were only 2 clerks so there was a bit of line but it is not as bad. There are signature W drinks, Apples, and some cheesecake bites for you to enjoy during certain times of the day. Its located on the side of the Welcome Desk.Room/SuiteI received Fantastic Suite. In this property there are Extreme Wow, Wow, Fantastic Suite (junior suite), Mega room (with 2 Queen Beds), and Wonderful room. Fantastic Suite is very nice. Its a junior suite with swivel TV between the living room and bedroom area. Large chiase sofa and working desk in the living room portion. I love the bedside table. Its the laminated blue color (see picture). I asked the concierge why there are so many blue color in the room. He told me the blue is the official color of MOntreal so the hotel used alot of blue to decorate. Bathroom is very big open plan bathroom (with see-through showers). There are curtain to divide the living room and bathroom area but I know this can be an issue to family. However, not an issue for me. The Bed was very clean and sheets/liens were all in the perfect condition.PoolNo Pool at this propertySpa/Fitness CenterLocated in the basement level. The &quot;Away Spa&quot; is located in the SS1 Floor offers some massage n facial services (no steam room / jacuzzi of this kind), due to limitation of spa facility size, there is no Bliss spa at this facility. The Gym (Sweat) is located a level below that. There are only two elevators at this hotel but only one goes down to the gym so you have to either take that elevator (on the right) or u have to go via spa entrance. Gym is equipped with modern gym facilities and its very well-kept clean.Staff/ValetThe valet and staff were excellent. Most staffs were very friendly and seems like to enjoy their job. I had an issue where my aerobus driver forgot to pick me up. They were really helpful and trying to contact them for me and offer me alternative solutions to the airport.LocationLocated right across street from metro station (Victoria Square). Easy access to everywhere in downtown Montreal. Easy 10-15mins walk to old town Montreal. 10 mins walk to the Shopping area in Montreal too. Montreal is VERY SAFE to walk at night (I am a solo traveler and couldn't feel any safer).OverallThis got to be the BEST hotel in Montreal (for young generation) and I did run into some business people who had the meetings there, and a family. They all LOVED this hotel! This hotel's occupancy rate tells you how much people love this place. If you want to have a wonderful getaway, this is the place to be!*** I have to add that Concierge Daniel was the best concierge I have met so far. He was very knowledgeable , professional yet humerus. I believe the staff /service is the big factor to make a hotel to be &quot;good&quot;. Thanks for the good management and staffs at this property, I am very pleased and would definitely recommend this property to my friends.	
Sep 8 2009 	Awesome for a guys weekend	We had a fantastic weekend in the Extreme Wow suite! It's the perfect hang-out - we had another small room for 3 people to sleep - and 3 slept here quite comfortably. It's kitted out with some great technology - 2 plasmas and in-room controls for the blinds too. The balcony is a great size and my single family/friends found it quite impressive to bring friends back to :)Highly recommended overall! Great dinner at OTTO.	
Sep 1 2009	Watch out for the rip off currency conversion great hotel otherwise	I want a hotel room, not a 7-11. The room was filled with for sale food, beverages, and even a CD. Even 4 bottles of hard liquor and a half bottle of wine. I don't want to stay in a convenience store. I made them remove everything. Also, I paid with points and dollars. They converted the US room rate quoted basically at par with Candadian dollars--a rip off. &quot;The hotel conversion rate, not the bank rate, applies,&quot;--an insulting rip off that Starwood should not try and get away with.Despite these (major) annoyances, the W experience was great. The room was outstanding, lofy style. The bathroom and tub were a trip. This was my first experience with the W Group and it won't be my last. It was top notch. And staff was incredible as well.	
Aug 26 2009 	filthy unsanitary rip-off after being repeatedly trashed by partiers	overall:even with a free night and free breakfast, it was still a rip-off. nevertheless, i can't deny how great the location and staff were (but i give more credit here to the city and people of montreal than to the starwood hotel group).pros:1. location - walking dist from ste. catherine and vieux montreal2, transportation - entrance to metro is in hotel basement, bixi rack is across street, and easy to hail cabs3. view of sq. victoria (from some rooms is great)4. trendy decor and spacious open concept design (contiguous bedroom/bathroom space)5. staff is very friendly and helpful6. lounge - a great meeting place before heading out with friendscons (based on experiences with two different rooms):1. cleanliness - this hotel is obviously for 20/30-somethings who like to party, which is fine as long as the cleaning crew does its job well. that it doesn't, and it's apparent in the pubic hair left on bathroom floors, grime left on toilet seats and shower walls, and general mustiness in the air and on the linens.2. cheap, worn out furniture and appliances - it appears that the w hotel has adopted the ikea strategy of using cheap stylish furniture which looks nice when new but crappy with any substantial usage. the hotel obviously gets heavy usage from young people (who themselves have ikea furniture at home) and it's evident in the scratches, dents, and dings in all the furniture (bent curtain rods, torn chairs, scratched up bed frames, dried-liquid splash marks on various furnitures). additionally, some of the amenities are low quality (hair dryer and towels) and the a/c wasn't functioning well enough to pull moisture out of the air (necessary with an open concept design) so it generally feels humid in the rooms.3. bad smells - hallways occasionally smell like vomit4. otto restaurant - unimpressive food. don't settle for culinary mediocrity in a city like this!5. wunderbar - in a city like montreal, where nightlife abounds, i prefer my hotel to be a place where i can retire comfortably after a long day or night out. having a popular bar in the hotel makes it convenient to party (and bring hook-ups back to your room), but makes it difficult to rest on the weekends.	
Aug 24 2009 	Loved the W experience - in comfort and style	I used to live in Montreal - so when I go back, I want to live it up in style! And this time around, I was coming for business with some clients, so I definitely wanted to impress. I stayed at the W Hotel for 1 night... and that was certainly not enough. The hotel was amazing! We went out for dinner in the neighbourhood (Le Local - which by the way was also amazing), but had to come back to the hotel to take advantage of the space. It's definitely a hot spot, so you want to spend time there... there's a good ambiance at the lounge, and when it's time for bed, it's full out comfort and luxury! I felt spoiled to be here.	
Aug 22 2009 	WWWWW - WOW! AWESOME STAY	Checked in on Saturday afternoon as a Platinum with 2 free weekend nights offer. Room wasn't ready at 3:30 so Olga at the front desk offered me free WIFI for my entire stay and $40 worth of free drinks at the bar during my 1 hour wait. Awesome way to start off !I was upgraded to a Wow Suite. It is a two story room with the bedroom and glass shower open to the first floor. Sexy, awesome room.This place rocks!	
Aug 12 2009 	Fantastic Room absolutely "Fantastic"	Just got back from Montreal with friends. The manager, Francois Patulli very accomodating. Just dont stay near club because of music till 3am. Room was just beautiful huge windows with huge sills and nice views. Very clean. Lobby is chic upscale, but dark....That is the W &quot;LOOK&quot;. Recommend. Just love a beautiful hotel. Makes the trip so much better.	
Aug 11 2009 	THE DUB	Stayed at the W for 2 nights when in town for the ACDC concertPriceVery expensive… I find with Montreal there is no middle ground. Either you pay a lot and have a nice room or you go bargain hunting and end up hating your stay. LocationI’ve heard people complain about the location of this hotel. First off, it’s Montreal one of the most beautiful cities in Canada; walk around a bit. Second, Montreal has one of the best Subway systems in Canada and the elevator in the hotel takes you right to the metro station (same floor as the fitness centre SS2). Google maps will get you where ever you need to go and will switch from walking, driving and public transit. The RoomVery clean modern and comfortable. We had a “Cozy” room on the 6th floor. This isn’t a room you’d want to share with someone you weren’t really close with, as the shower is glass and viewable from the bedroom (see photo) Bed Really really comfortableBathroom Large, modern and very clean. Shower was hugeRoom SizeVery small. We didn’t spend a lot of time in our room so that didn’t bother us much. Internet $19 a day??? That is insane. I took my laptop to the lobby instead where there was free wirelessFood Didn’t eat at the hotelStaff Found the staff great. It was clear that this hotel strives on having friendly staff that are eager to help. Noise Found our room very quiet and slept well. Although in reading one of the reviews below I could see how being on the 3rd floor could be loud with the club beneath it. We were there on a weekend and the club was loud in the lobby but luckily the noise didn’t make it to the 6th floor. Overall great stay, but at a high price.	
Jul 29 2009 	Cozy Dark and Relaxing	We have been in Montréal 2 days prior to checking into the W. At first, we slipped through the entrance way unnoticed. But as soon as the valet was done parking a car, he made sure to rush up and apologise for not greeting us upon entry. He gave us a brief run down of the hotel and the &quot;W Experience&quot; and was extremely helpful. After we finished talking, we headed to the check-in desk located to our immediate left. We arrived 3 hours prior to check-in time, but this did not seem to be a problem. The front desk agent was neither outstanding nor terrible, but managed to politely smile throughout the process.The best thing about the W is the rooms themselves. The design is very modern; yet still intimate and cozy. I had a &quot;Wonderful&quot; room facing a office tower. This was not an issue for me since I usually keep the curtains down whilst in a hotel. The rooms are also sparsely lit. There is no blaring overhead light. Even with all the lights in the room on, it is definitely much darker than most hotels. This was a plus for me, but others may find this as a aversion.The bathroom is the nicest hotel bathroom I have been in. Housekeeping did a great job since everything was immaculate. My room did not have a bath, but it did have a shower that was large enough for 4. Just a little warning: all rooms seem to have see through showers; so be sure that you're comfortable with whoever you are staying with. The W is situated right on top of (and connected to) the Square Victoria Metro station. Access to the waterfront, old Montréal, and St. Catherine street is quite easy. Parking is quite pricey, so I would recommend parking elsewhere; or use the metro to get around. One thing to note is that if you are looking for a hotel with a nice view, I would suggest looking elsewhere. As stated earlier, half of the rooms face the atrium of an office; and the hotel itself is only 10 stories tall. However, with such a luxurious room, you may forget the outside world altogether.	
Jul 21 2009 	Sleeping in the clouds	I still think about it... I think I might even buy the pillows...that night I slept away from my man and my dog but I swear I didn't even notice hahaha (sorry boys!) The pillows were so comfortable I felt like I was sleeping in the clouds, so fluffy! I love the Ws... I stayed in a couple of them and seriously, that's the way to go! If you want a good hotel, find the nearest W to you....if you can't find one, change your trip hahahaha	
Jul 21 2009 	Perfect weekend getaway!	I recently spent a weekend with my wife at the W Hotel in Montreal, couple of things that you'd like to know if you're planning on staying there:- excellent location- excellent service (their concierge service went the extra mile to get us a table at one of Montreal's busiest restaurants)- a modern yet luxurious spacious roomand to top if off, - fast room service with a delicious breakfast from the hotel's restaurant :o)	
Jul 21 2009 	One night but a real experience.	We just came to pass an only evening at the W. But it was more than a pleasure. 1st: a sweet happy hour on the terrasse (magnificient view on montreal's downtown)2nd: the perfect area to find the best restaurants in the Old Montreal3rd: the hype of the different bars inside the hotel, jet-set and good looking people ;-)4th: sweet dreams int the very design room5th: my prefered moment for the morning: the rain shower then the perfect brunch...Hotel W Montreal: thank you so much for this experience !	
Jul 16 2009 	My favorite Montreal hotel!	I've been staying at this W since it opened a few years ago, and I have to say that I love it! It's location is convenient, only being a few blocks from old Montreal, and St Catherine st. The rooms are very cool, and spacious. Althought the staff is very attractive (like so many of these boutique hotels), they are still very friendly and helpful. They also have a couple bars that seem popular, so if you're into that sort of thing it's great. If I have one complaint (and I find this in general at W's), it's that the gym is kind of lame and the closest outside option is kind of far. Otherwise I just love this hotel!	
Jul 5 2009 	Grossly overrated and very expensive	Staff were like a casting call for the Matrix. All beautiful. Incredibly overpriced. Great pick up spot if that is what you were into. Food served cold after a very long wait.I kept wondering &quot;What am I doing here&quot;	
Jul 4 2009 	Bien!	Montreal, what a town! So happy to have stayed at this hotel. Great location.	
Jun 18 2009 	In da club	A word to the wise...Do not stay on the 3rd floor of this hotel, especially on a Wednesday night which is considered &quot;W&quot; night in Montreal. I found this out the hard way when I found out that my room was directly above the nightclub which thumps until 3 am each night. Might I add that it was also very nice to see one of the club patrons pissing in the bushes across the street (can I say small pecker)? He didn't see me waving hello.So now my expense account is paying for a room on the 6th floor with a wretched litle &quot;window&quot; that looks into some office building and I'm still thirsty after my $6 bottle of water. All I can say is don't judge a book by its cover.	
Jun 18 2009	When in Montreal... The W hotel is the only place to be!	I could have stayed at the W Hotel FOREVER!The design, the music, the ambience and every last detail at the W was well thought out and perfectly executed.An instant relaxed feeling!!LOVED IT!!!!!	
Jun 16 2009 	Ahhhhhhhh!	great place to relax in the genormous tub, terrific concierge service that sent me to the right restaurants, sites &amp; hoods. perfect blend of happening night spot and place to chill all rolled into one!!	
Jun 14 2009 	ALL W's are bad	This is 5th or 6th W I have stayed in .. usually picked because of low rate .. we usually book 50-60 room nights. But we are taking W OFF the competitive list so I hope management reads these. W is a brand for people 20 or under who do not know what hotels are supposed to be about and that does NOT mean gouging every penny they can out of every guest .. the slogan WHATEVER WHENEVER is best translated to WHATEVER W WANTS WHENEVER W WANTS TO DO IT .. how about an omelet for $18 with an extra $3 charge for spinach in the omelet! $9 for coffee! Plus tip plus another silly room service charge!The attitude of the W staff is always great: it is just that they have no authority and can not think beyond the end of their nose. IF you are under 30, on an unlimited expense account and wish to get silly drunk, lose all hearing from blasting acid rock and stumble around in under lit hallways and rooms, than this is the place for you. All others STAY AWAY. So many better more charming exciting places in Montreal.	
Jun 9 2009 	nice hotel	great place to stay. very cool and inviting rooms. the lobby in particular is very luxurious and classy. the staff is great and very helpful.	
May 27 2009 	LOVED IT!	I just came back from Montreal and a terrific time! The W is perfect. I drove-up from NY for Memorial day weekend. A man named Patrick greeted us at the entrance and basically took care of us the entire weekend. He parked our car, brought our bags to the room and showed me all the call features of the room. By the way, the room is very sexy! We had the mega room and the bathroom s basically the size of the bedroom. The shower is great and fits about 6 people comfortably. They have a bathtub and a cool sink area all behind a blue curtain. I loved it! Patrick told us about their Acura service, which is a car you can reserve to take anywhere in the city for free. On the main floor is Wunderbar, which is nice, but I didn't like the crowd on Saturday night. Definitely party at Globe instead. For relaxing drinks go to the mezzanine level bar, it's very cool &amp; comfortable. Anyway, the hotel is very cool and the service was great. I'll definitely go back next time I'm in Montreal.	
May 21 2009 	Great Hotel with very helpful staff	I was in Montreal last week for work and tried a night at the W.It was kind of what I thought it would be like but A bit better. They had helpful staffand very friendly also.It reminded me a bit of the Standard in LA but with it’s own W flavor and a twist of Montreal class..Great lighting and really nice views. I have stayed at most of the up scale Montreal hotels, and this is up there with the best of them.I would recommend HighlyJohn K	
May 19 2009 	Great Stay Great Vibe!	Staying at the W hotel was a great. I had previously stayed at the W in New York City but that one surpassed my expectations in terms of room design and service. The front desk staff was very friendly and helpful. The room was very stylish, lots of space and with a great view on Square Victoria. The hotel lobby with its couches is very cozy and welcoming. Overall, we stayed 3 days and had a wonderful time!	
May 18 2009 	Funky and trendy but no value	W is part of the SPG family of hotels which includes Sheratons, Westins, Four Points etc. I regularly stay at Westins and Sheratons for work and decided to cash in some of my Starwood Points for a girls weekend with my best friend.We were pleased when we arrived to find we were right between St Catherine's street (the shopping district) and Old Montreal so we did not need our car. However, parking was not convenient to the hotel and we had to walk a fair distance with our suitcases. The doormen - and all the staff - were very friendly and welcoming.The decor and atmosphere are very sleek, modern - dark with lots of chrome and waterfalls - unlike any hotel we'd stayed in before. Our room was not very spacious. There was nowhere to put our luggage so we had to leave it on the floor - taking up precious real estate.There were nice touches - the ipod dock, the DVD library, lots of magazines, big windows, fantastic Bliss body products and even a funky faux fur blanket. There was no mini bar - it was a FULL bar, which we did not touch because were were terrified of the prices.Having said that, the bottled water in the room was $8 for a small bottle, there was no coffee/tea maker - just a card saying coffee could be purchased from the hotel cafe, the internet access was $19/day, room service came with a $5 charge and 18% &quot;fee&quot;, there were no vending machines near the ice machines where you could buy a reasonably priced bottle of water or pop, in fact, everything in the place had a price tag attached to it.The Bed: The bed is the most important part of a hotel room to me and after staying at Sheraton's with their fantastic Sweet Sleeper bed, this did not compare. We both woke up with sore backs every morning and the funky decor caused the bed frame to blend in with the black carpet. I stubbed my toe on the frame five times and had to put a shoe next to it so I would make a wide turn around it (hard to do in a small space).The Bathroom: very trendy. But totally impractical. The shower is completely glassed in and open to the whole room so unless you want to see every bit of your travelling companion while they shower, you'll have to do what we did and take turns going for coffee in the morning. The shower is supposed to be a 'rainforest' shower coming straight down from the ceiling, which is nice if you are just standing under it but useless for shaving your legs, washing your hair, etc. If you're just there for a romantic weekend, it would probably be great but we weren't and it was a pain.Our other complaint was the concierge was gone by 7pm on our first night (a sunday) and there was nobody to give us restaurant recommendations.Overall, this was fun experience and pretty funky but if I had to actually PAY for this room, I'd have been really ticked off... the value is not there. I don't mind an expensive hotel room but I expect it to be comfortable and the service and details should be flawless and I shouldn't feel like I have to open my wallet every time I turn around. I'll go back to my regular Sheraton hotels with the fantastic beds.	
May 8 2009 	Trendiest most happening hotel in Montreal	I have stayed at many hotels in the city of Montreal and nothing compares to the W. The location is ideal as it sits between the downtown Montreal area and the old port where anything from nightlife to restaurant to shopping can be found. The rooms are far superior from all other hotels in the city in terms of trendiness and even comfort. The service is impeccable. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone seeking a great hotel experience.	
May 3 2009 	Very poor staff and management	We stayed in the W Montreal for 5 night during our Honeymoon. The poor experience we had actually started BEFORE we arrived. Why? Well, we called ahead to inform them that we were on Honeymoon and asked them if they would do anything special, like ALL other hotels did, for example Westin Boston (Champagne), The Cottages Nantucket (local chocolates) and the Hilton NYC (Champagne, Fruit and an upgrade). The W Montreal did not even acknowledge that we were on honeymoon when we checked in, however we were privileged to get to check in at all, given the wrestler doormen they had when we arrived and had to get through a queue for their trendy bar before we were even allowed to enter the hotel. The room was relatively good, could have been cleaner and less dusty, but technoligically, it was ahead of most other hotels, good TV's, electronic curtains, DVD, etc. There was evidence of the previous tenants, empty bottles in drawers, etc.We had a number of issues with service that we brought to the attention of management on leaving, however got no response until we chased up again. We were only given a rather curt response, short of an apology. We were also recommended by the consierge to go to a local restaurant, that was unfortunately very very poor and very very expensive. Stay away from restaurant EMMA !!In summary, it started bad and ended bad.	
Apr 24 2009 	Nice romantic night at the W Montreal	My boyfriend and I went to the W to celebrate Valentine's day as well as our one year anniversary. We had a nice Mega room with a bath and everything was clean. The room was quite big compared to the one I had at the W New York. For a portion of the price, you get something a lot bigger. We also had food delivered to our room from the Otto restaurant located at the bottom of the hotel. It was delicious and the service was nice and cozy. I agree that it's not well located if you are there for leisure since you are in the middle of many buildings but if you are looking to stay there for business, I think it would be a nice choice. If you don't want to be where all the tourists are, it would be nice too.	
Apr 21 2009 	Location is a problem	My husband and I travel around the world and look for places that are accessible to a lot of city activities, restuarants, nightlife and transportation. W hotel is in nowhere nowhere land. Not too much activities around the area. quite a walk to the main shopping areas, nightclub or even Old town. Its out of nowhere. Stay at Hotel Nelligan (old Town) or Fairmont Queen Elizabeth or Sofitel. Those areas are busy and well situated with tons to do. Dont make the same mistake I did. ROOMS: Mine was facing half a wall and with the little window that gives me a glimpse of the outside world. Unfortunately, this window was facing an office building. I can even see through the office. Thats how close our room and window was. CONCLUSION: Far better hotel elswhere.	
Apr 5 2009 	A honeymoon to remember!	Stayed there for one night, January 3rd, as we did not have much time or money to spend on our honeymoon. Booked a Spin Me package (chocolates and bottle of bubbly) on a standard guest room. I had written we were on our honeymoon and that any upgrades would be appreciated. Believe it or not, we were offered two complimentary drinks and the biggest Extreme Wow Suite!!! Two bathrooms, huge bathub with a separate shower, dinning area, two full-windows wall, a living room... I payed around 300$ for a room worth 1599$ a night!!! That's good service!! (Celine Dion was even there once I was told by the concierge). Only downside... The in-room service breakfast I called cost me 50$ for a little plate of fruits, one muffin, one brioche and 2 cups of coffee.. But I wouldn't have cared less! Overall, I was more than impressed by W Montreal!	
Mar 30 2009 	Excellent service industrial nightclub decor	Stepping inside the W Hotel in Montreal is like entering a nightclub- dim lighting, chic ultra-modern decor and pulsating techno music welcome you 24 hours a day. If this is your thing, you'll love it! The rooms look like they were furnished straight out of a West Elm catalog. Once your eyes adjust to the dim light, you'll find Bliss bath products that smell so yummy that I had to immediately call down to the front desk for more. The W stands for &quot;whatever, whenever.&quot; While we didn't take true advantage of that service, we did find that the front desk folks were friendly and helpful. And the concierge gave us excellent restaurant recommendations and ideas of things to see and do around the city. The W hotel is not the warmest, coziest place, but it's very clean, fairly well located (8 minute walk to Old Montreal) and if you're looking for something different, you might give it a try.	
Mar 25 2009 	I'm a believer in the W brand because of the W Montreal!	My husband and I stayed here three nights during our honeymoon. We were given a &quot;Wow Suite&quot; on the 10th floor of the hotel. The room itself was two floors with floor to ceiling windows that overlooked beautiful Montreal. The hotel is modern and very clean. The staff were always pleasant, helpful, and friendly. The hotel bars are pricey but not at all out of line what you'd pay in any major city: Toronto, NYC, Chicago, etc. The hotel is located perfectly between centre-ville and vieux Montreal. There is a Metro stop directly across the street. I would stay at the W again in a second.	
Mar 9 2009 	Modern looking hotel but way too expensive	I've been at this hotel for one week. The room I had (mega room) looked very nice/stylish.Most of the (female) staff were nice. Some male staff at the welcome desk &amp; wunderbar were asses. I wasn't allowed to get into the wunderbar, because I did not have a room. (My colleague was checking in at that moment, so I just wanted to get myself a drink in the meanwhile.)It was a shame that I had to pay $19/day for Internet access. First because it was terribly slow and secondly because I would expect a $250/day room to have at least Internet.I quickly noticed that EVERYTHING in the hotel costs money. Things that are normally included in the price in most hotels, costed here a lot of money. Even water and the newspapers were a few bucks.It was also a shame to find out that I had been 'checked out' automatically after 5 days, because I paid ($2000) with a debit card and I still had to pay 200 more CAD. They didn't call my mobile phone or whatever, but just checked me out. After paying, I could go back to the room, but they forgot to check me in, so nothing in the room worked (internet, TV, phone...) Took them another day to fix that all up.So in short: The hotel was nice, but keep in mind that it's probably going to cost you twice the amount than expected.	
Feb 23 2009 	Beautiful Hotel but small room!	You may be wondering what on earth does the &quot;W&quot; stand for.... Well it is more so a saying at this hotel chain... WHATEVER you WANT, WHENEVER you WANT.... Everything and anything you could possibe need, want or need done is what they are trying to accomplish.... Amazingly they do a wonderful job at exceuting this.... The hotel itself is really nicely decorated... The rooms are clean and very modern looking, however extremely small.... There is no place to store you luggage to keep out of plain sight, nor was there very much room to store your clothing in as there was one amour in the room....Location was awesome.. A bit pricy, however I would stay there again...	
Feb 17 2009	Special surprise in the bathtub sums it up. Thumbs down	For all the hype that the W is- I very disappointed in the experience. Yes, the decor was interesting... funky and sleek, and the rooms were unique, but definately not worth their price tag.For starters... the room was supposed to be ready at 3pm (in fact it was &quot;guaranteed&quot;). Unfortunately, we were told they needed the room until 4pm as they were overbooked with cleaning, and would call our other party's room once ready. Did not hear. Finally called the front desk at 6pm and they said the room was ready already for the past hour, and didn't call because of a communication breakdown with shift changes!!!So get into the room.... the tv is not working. It took 2 visits from the tech people to get it working properly. Looking around the hotel room realize there are no ammenities (no shampoo or conditioner... or even a free bottle of water). Not only that, if you did want something... say the bottle of water on the nightstand.... the price tags were ridiculous. After checking out the room (very different with the completely exposing shower)... was actually looking forward to the large tub.... until I noticed the pubic hair. Yes- the PUBIC HAIR laced at the bottom of the tub. So crossed off 'taking a bath' from my to-do list.I would say it was one of the worst hotel experiences... especially for the price paid. I will give the doormen a positive review for their friendliness. They were great. The maid service barging in the room though, (once while taking a shower, the other while sleeping) I would leave off the 'good service' list. Everything else gets a thumbs down.... which includes the pulsating club music that could be heard in the rooms until about 3am or later...If you're willing to spend $18 +18% + $5 on 2 eggs.... go to the W. If not, don't even consider it. You are far better to visit the lobby, have a drink at the bar, and stay somewhere where you get what you pay for.	
Feb 8 2009 	Very Pretentious and extremely expensive Internet charges	Pretentious, pretentious, pretentiousInternet charge of $ 19 + tax per day, and it is slow. Or for $25 + taxper day you get just a bit better access. RIDICULOUS. Next time go to cheaper hotels with free Internet acces.In the lobby there is free internet but poor quality, if it works at all. Often it does not.Soooo, you walk in from the street with your laptop and you do not consume anything, NO value for hotel but they give you free Internet.But when you pay a lot of money for your room they charge you even more $ 19 or $ 25 ++ per day for Internet. Can someone (from W explain?).Great rooms. But little attention to paying guests.Takes all night to turn off your lights. if you can actually find buttons to turn them off...No concierge in hotel in the morning when you might need help.Concierge caters more to walk-ins that come for the bar?Breakfast has few options. Slow service.Dinner has beautiful ladies serving you...Frustration wins here, I would NOT stay here again, not even recommend it. Contrary.	
Jan 29 2009 	LOVED the W	I stayed at the W for 2 nights in January 2009 for business and absolutely LOVED it. I arrived fairly late on a Tuesday night and was check in was a breeze. I was upgraded as a gold SPG member and my room was huge! It was incredibly clean and spacious with a great bed and amazing bathroom.The internet works quite well. I did the basic and it worked quite well. The TV choices are nice. The bliss bath products were great.My room was cleaned quite well between days as well.I used the fitness center both mornings and was please with the selection and cleanliness.We ate at the hotel restaurant- Otto- one night (snowstorm prohibitied us from going out) and it was yummy!Check out was very smooth.I very much enjoyed the W and would definitely stay here again if I get to go to Montreal again :)	
Jan 13 2009 	Poor hotel for a business stay	Upon our arrival we were told that the only rooms available without upgrading were above the nightclub, which we told parties till about 3AM. Having already spent 14 hours on the road, I told the front desk that we would pay for the next grade of room up as I didn't have time to argue about it. Our upgraded rooms looked into a law office library (about 25 feet across an interior courtyard) which is honestly one of the worst views I've ever had in a hotel room.The decor of the hotel is cool, the staff (especially the valets) are nice, and the downstairs bar is fun, but this is a horrible choice for a business hotel. I've stayed at the Sofitel and had a much better experience. Will be back there again, but not to here.As of this writing I'm trying to determine why we've been charged over $1200 US for two nights, considering that the original rooms we booked were approx $169/night.	
Jan 6 2009 	Very funky place to stay	My husband and I stayed at the W while visitng Montreal for a romantic getaway and were very happy with our selection. It's ideally located within walking distance to the old city, shopping, and metro. Staff was very helpful and friendly. Rooms were very fun, if a bit on the small side and a bit dark for my taste. Be prepared for the glass wall shower experience!	
Dec 22 2008 	Fantastic	We fretted over the reviews that we read on TripAdvisor. We worried that it would be too modern, too cold, too loud. We had reason to worry: We invited 30 friends and family to join us for our wedding in Montreal - without ever visiting the city.Bottom line: The facilities were gorgeous (and yes, modern) and the staff was fantastic.We fell in love with the W. And so did our guests. Even our 60- something, 70-ish parents (to our surprise).So don't be afraid - if you're open minded about a different interpretation of the &quot;hotel&quot; then you'll probably enjoy the W.	
Dec 15 2008 	Very Nice	We were heading up to Montreal for a concert and a couple days of fun and wanted to stay at a nice place. We booked the W through the Starwood website - got a really good special rate. Check in: Very easy and proficient. Staff very friendly. Room: We had a &quot;wonderful&quot; room. Typical sized hotel room IMO. Room was very clean and well appointed. Definately dark...lighting not so good in my opinion. The voyeaur shower was definatley interesting (I thought it was really cool). If you plan to stay at this hotel and share a room with someone, make sure you know them REAL WELL because you'll be seeing all of them. The concierge was very friendly and helpful. We did not eat in the hotel restaurants or go to the bar(s). Location is good. Central between Old Montreal and the St. Catherine St. area. Direct access to the underground/metro station which is a plus, especially in the winter. We used the valet parking which was a bit steep at $40/day. Valet staff was nice and they got our car quickly when we wanted it. Overall we had a great stay and I'd stay here again.	
Dec 10 2008	Very trendy hotel	The W hotel in Montreal is a great place for those seeking good tunes, central location to businesses and most of all....a great hotel bar.Weds nights are popular with locals, dress up. The food of course can be pricey so I would recammend walking down the street to Old Montreal....lots of cute places there to grab a bite to eat.Of course when it's minus 30 in Jan, Otto restaurant located right beside / within the hotel is your best bet!	
Nov 17 2008 	Welcome to the Borg. Resistance is Futile.	Apparently trendy = black with strange lights in the hallway that make you feel like you've landed in a Borg cube. Look, I think you'll enjoy your stay - the hotel is in a convenient location, and the accomodations themselves, while devoid of much light, are nice (it would be nice to feel like you can actually read in your room). The concierges were quite helpful and friendly and had some great recommendations. Hence, my 4 star rating (i'd really give it 3 1/2 if I could). So for a couple, a weekend trip, it's a fine place to stay.But, I'm not sure about a lengthier stay... after a few days, I think I'd really feel light deprived. It gets dark enough, early enough in Montreal in the winter...	
Nov 5 2008 	Cool Hotel Excellent Staff	This was the first time I've stayed in a W, though I've dined and visited the bar in several others. The staff here was very friendly from the minute I walked in. The front desk and the doorman went out of their way to make me feel welcome and see if there was any assistance I required. Since I was here for only one night on a business trip, I wasn't able to really put this to the test. I'm a Starwoods Preferred Gold member, and when I checked it was nice to dins out that I had a double upgrade on my room. The hotel itself has a very modern feel to it, though the hallways and the room seemed a bit dark. The facilities were all in excellent condition, and the location is directly across the street from the Montreal Metro and an easy walk to Old Montreal.	
Nov 5 2008 	Loved the W in Montreal!	The hotel was great! My husband and I went here for our 1 year anniversary and it was perfect for what we were seeking. It is a very trendy hotel with a great lounge and really nice staff. The room was really nice, but I wouldn't recommend it for families or even friends because the shower has a glass wall that looks directly into the bedroom so you wouldn't have the privacy that you would need if you're not with a significant other. The area was fine for us as well because we drove so we got around quite easily. My only recommendation is to do your own research on restaurants/things to do in the area because the hotel does not have a very exhaustive list of restaurants or things to do so you can miss out on some cool things if you don't do your own research.	
Sep 10 2008 	Subpar for the brand	I will preface this review by saying that I have stayed in about 80% of the W Hotels throughout the United States, and am quite enamoured with the chain, and Starwood more generally. Sadly however this hotel fell short of the W standard quality in both service and facilities. The staff was young and courteous, but not the usual proactive service I have come to expect from the W. The room I was first given (3rd floor) was appallingly small, faced an interior courtyard of an office building, and had paint peeling in the bathroom. After highlighting these failings to the front desk staff they realized that I should have been upgraded given my status with the hotel, however at this point I was told only a suite was available and it wouldn't be ready until about 2am. I said I would check back in the morning, and then spent 30 minutes waiting for 2 martinis in the hotel bar (they did give me a drink voucher for my delay).After staying the night in my original room I was told in the morning that the suite was no longer available (curious what happens overnight), but they had another Mega Room for me (7th floor). This room was excellent, and the top-floor suites I saw later also seemed superb. If you've never stayed in a W Hotel before you can expect to be impressed by the young chic look and above average service; however, if you commonly stay in W Hotels don't expect this to be on par. Expect the staff to be slightly less helpful and even indignant at times (quite the opposite from the brand's norm I know). I would recommend no one take a room on the 3rd floor!	
Aug 12 2008 	Typical W hotel in heart of a great city	The W chain is all about cool. Sometime it works, and sometimes it seems a bit forced. The Montreal location is no exception. The common areas are well done, the lobby is roomy and comfortable, and the staff friendly and attractive. There were some deficiencies that shouldn't really be there for a hotel in this price range. The first thing we were told was that the hotel was full and we don't have any upgrades for Starwood Gold members (It seemed almost like a standard line they give). Despite checking in around 4pm &quot;the room assigned was not ready yet&quot; &quot;but I will see what I can do&quot; after 5 minutes looking on the computer and leaving to assumedly talk to a supervisor, the check in clerk found a room that was on a higher floor, basically the upgrade that they were too full to provide in the first place. The room was clean, well appointed with stylish, if somewhat worn furniture, but the shower curtain was missing and their was no shampoo etc in the room. This was quickly rectified by the staff who were all outstanding. All in all good service but for this price it should be done right the first time. Final point the charge for parking was completely ridiculous. $40 in Montreal is way over the top, other underground lots in the area were posting $15-20 and I just parked on the street for free (during the week this would not be an option during the day). Location was good across the street from a Metro stop and walking distance to most attractions but, I would consider a little further north and east to be better for a tourist, especially a first time visitor. All in all, I would recommend somewhere else of this price range go with the Loews, or a boutique hotel.	
Aug 6 2008 	pretty good	I spent one night in the W with my wife, wanted to &quot;experience&quot; the W hotel. It was pretty good, the room was very nice and spacious, unfortunately there was a party going on beneath our room which was very noisy. we were so tired that we just fell asleep but still a bit anoying... I guess that is also part of the W experience.All in all it was pretty special, very nice for a night, but I don't think it's our scene...	
Aug 6 2008 	Crazy cool hotel!	This hotel is too cool for me. Prepared for see through showers people... SEE THROUGH! The glass in the shower is blue and from floor to ceiling. Don't take the kids to this hotel! Anyway, it was a lovely stay. My boyfriend said he will stay here every ttme he's on Montreal! We did have to wait until after 3 to check in because they were so packed. We also noticed the room wasn't completely picked up... we found some open cd sitting on the desk and some of the bath supplies had fallen on the floor. Other than that, it was ok.	
Jul 16 2008 	Perfect Location for Jazz Festival	Hubby and I recently stayed here when we were in Montreal for the jazz festival. The location was perfect -- essentially, right in between Old Montreal and ground zero for the festival. Everything was just a short walk away.Our hotel room the first night was *tiny* but well-appointed. We loved the rain shower with the sensuous wall of glass that was big enough for two (or three or four or five, if you're so inclined!). Because we have Starwood membership, we were upgraded to a more spacious room, with a similar sexy luscious shower, the following night.We've stayed at Ws all over, and the service at this one was probably the most outstanding. Every staff member, from front desk to concierge, was not only eye candy but genuinely friendly, knowledgeable and helpful. (e.g., we could have upgraded to a bigger room the first night, but our check-in person warned us that the room was right above the club and could remain noisy late into the night. We got excellent brunch/restaurant advice and recommendations.) We opted to wait until the following night, when a quiet room was available, to upgrade.One weird and hilarious thing about this hotel: there are velvet ropes out front at night, and when we drove up there was already a long line of 20-something hotties waiting to get in, and we -- in our dowdy road-trip clothes -- had to practically fight our way through the crowd out front, as bouncers looked at us sketchily, to demand to be immediately let in. The bouncers were really nice and helpful once they learned we had a hotel reservation. After we checked in, we wanted to see what the hype and frenzy was all about. The club on the ground floor turned out to be half empty!! There is a fairly large chi-chi bar/lounge on the second floor/mezzanine, and it was sparsely populated, too, with patrons. The same thing happened the following night -- line of people outside not getting in, but a club and mezzanine bar that were even emptier than the first night inside. The bouncers obviously were keeping people out unnecessarily, to project an appearance of exclusivity.	
Jul 5 2008 	Hip Hotel tiny tiny room	My companion and I recently stayed at the W Montreal for one night. Like all W hotels, it was very hip, dramatic lobby, hip young employees,.....but the room we had was as small as my walk-in closet at home. It was so small that we couldn't both pass in front of the bed at the same time. It was a cool room, but should only be given to a single guest. When checking out we mentioned this to the front desk and was told that there are only one of these on each floor. Lucky us!!! The other thing that bugs me about all W hotels is the way they nickel and dime you more than any other hotel chain. It gets to the point that you feel they really are trying to rip you off. Even though every hotel does this, W's seem to take it beyond the acceptable level.	
May 31 2008 	Staff was wonderful-even this non-hip middle aged fat guy loved it!	Just back from a four night stay at this property.The Good;Staff is so friendly and helpful.One of the best staffs in a hotel I have ever encountered.Daniel the concierge is great-what a charming and nice fellaThe bed is incredible-the bath products are great.Room was kept very cleanThe decor is very different-in a good way.And well maintained.Free Internet in the lobby and the Mezzanine.The not so good:Everything you have to pay for is outrageously expensive-a small Voss water is $6,coffee and a tiny pastry $5.85,Internet $20 a day,the restraunt is crazy expensive as is the room service.The mini bar is outrageous.NO COFFEE in the room No free water in the room for plat's(I know this is not a published bennie-but c'mon)The turndown is iffy-and not very extensive.I was upgraded to a Fantastic corner&quot;suite&quot;(just a very large room)on the fith floor.Room was very quiet.Hotel was pretty busy.I would stay here again just for the staff.	
May 27 2008 	I'm getting too old for the W experience.	I think I'm getting too old for the W. I loved the idea when Starwood debuted it about ten or so years ago, but I think W and I are going to have to part ways. Cest la vie. It's the typical dark and edgy W feel with thumping music and happening bar scene of upwardly mobile thirty somethings (maybe even a little younger), attractive bar staff and front desk associates who were all really quite kind. However, I wasn't sold on the &quot;open&quot; concept of this particular hotel. There are curtains that separate the bathroom from the living space, and that's about it. Yes, there's a water closet, but I really don't want to look at a stark white tile bathroom while I'm sitting in my room. There was a huge stain on the fabric chair in the room...I think I know what it was, but lacking a DNA test kit, I can't say for sure. Regardless, that chair shouldn't have been there or it should have been steam cleaned prior to anyone occupying the room. Moreover, the neighbor down the hall was really noisy and didn't care that it was 3:00 AM as he and his buddies were laughing and screaming in the hallway and had music blaring from their room. One of the manager's response to my noise complaint was that the hotel can't control its guests. Wrong answer as far as I'm concerned. Yes, they did what they could to diffuse the noise and offered to switch my room, but at 3:00 AM I was hardly in the mood for being uprooted. I checked out the following morning.	
May 12 2008 	Service was fabulous	My husband and I decided to take a weekend getaway to Montreal and we used Starwood points to book two nights at the W Montreal. Overall, we really enjoyed our stay at the W. Service:This is where the W really shined. Several days before I called the concierge to ask about dinner reservations for Saturday night. I explained exactly what we were looking for and we ended up with a reservation at a great restaurant that fit my request perfectly. When we arrived we visited the concierge desk to ask about breakfast places, transportation etc. and the information and recommendations we got were great. Daniel, the concierge on duty, even gave us a card with his number in case we had questions on the way out. The rest of the staff was great as well from the overly friendly check-in to the gentlemen out front who got us taxis and gave us bottles of water to leave with.Room:Our room was great. Even though I booked the room on points, we were upgraded to a corner suite on a higher floor (I am SPG Platinum but don't always get the suite upgrade when I travel on points). I received an email from the hotel manager several days before our arrival and was asked if I had any special room requests and my request for a quiet room on a high floor was granted.Atmosphere:The atmosphere was like all Ws, a little &quot;clubby&quot; and trendy. I liked the decor a lot. Since I am pregnant, we didn't visit the bar or the lounge but they looked like what I would expect from a W.Facilities:This is really my only major drawback for the hotel. The Sweat gym is really lacking. There are multiple cardio machines in decent shape and some free weights but no weight machines and only one weight bench. As compared to gyms at similar hotels, this one was smaller and had less equipment. Also, like most hotels in this class, many of the &quot;extras&quot; (internet, bottled water in the room, coffee in the room etc.) cost a pretty penny. I'm used to this but it still frustrates me.Location:The location seems ideally situated if you are traveling to Montreal on business. However, it was also in a great location for tourism. The Square Victoria Metro stop is right across the street and the Old City of Montreal is a very short walk away. We were able to get everywhere we wanted to go (except the airport obviously) via walking or the Metro.I would definitely return to the W and would recommend it to anyone who wants a comfortable nice hotel with great service.	
Apr 5 2008 	Great stay was VERY impressed!	I was in Montreal on business and definitely wanted to stay at the W. A few days prior to arrival I was emailed by the hotel to see if I had any special requests and to let me know that as an SPG Gold Member I was upgraded two levels from a standard room to a Mega Room. The experience from start to finish was AWESOME, every employee made an effort to make sure that my experience was going as well as possible. The place itself is beautiful and lively with all of the bars &amp; lounges around the lobby area. My two roomservice meals were delivered in 15-20 minues, well under the 25 minutes promised. The only negative thing that I have to note is that, much like many reviews state, music from the club downstairs can be heard as far up as the 7th floor. Overall, my stay was excellent and I didn't want to leave my beautiful room and HUGE bathroom. I would stay there again in a heartbeat!!!!!	
Apr 1 2008 	Wonderful service fantastic decor	A hotel stay at the W was a Christmas present for my boyfriend, and we both enjoyed our time there. The decor was exquisite, and the staff was very friendly and helpful. I had to change my reservation, I added a different room-request after that, and I lost my keycard, but all these problems were smoothed over at no extra charge by the concerned staff. There was a small error in my hotel bill (due to the previous occupant or maid moving a bottle of water somewhere else), but when I enquired, the charge was removed immediately. Highly recommended!	
Mar 29 2008 	Best Experience Ever!!!	My boyfriend and I decided roughly at the beginning of January that we would take a trip with the money we had been saving. At first we wanted to go somewhere warm, you know the usual choice when you live in Canada and want to get away from the 10 month winter, but looking into it more, I threw out the idea of taking in a Canadiens game in Montreal, something different than what we had originally decided upon. He lost it, and we began planning right away. Not even a month before he had been watching a program on tv about various hotels and such and had seen a clip about the W chain of hotels. This being the first trip we had taken together, we decided what the heck, lets do it. So we booked the room online through the website as soon as we could and immediately began receiving confirmation letters and personal letters from some of the staff as we had asked some questions and stuff after confirming our reservation. I was impressed, we didn't wait any more than a full day to hear back from someone about anything we needed to know. So that in itself was great. Upon arriving at the hotel, we no sooner got out of the cab and someone had our luggage in the lobby on a cart and ready to go. Simon checked us in and he was more than pleasant, making small talk and asking us how our trip was and so on. He told us everything the hotel had to offer and made a point to explain to us the &quot;Whatever/Whenever&quot; service the hotel prides itself on, which by the way is Exactly what it sounds like. Instead of just taking our credit card and throwing our keys across the counter, he walked himself around the desk, shook both of our hands and was more than happy he got to welcome us to the hotel. Another gentleman brought our luggage up to the room for us, set it up on the luggage stand and in the window, then took roughly 10 minutes to explain the different stuff in the room. Absolutely anything and everything we could have asked him about he told us, from how to use the telephone to where the hairdryer was located. I can't remember his name but he made quite an impression on both of us. The room was amazing, we stayed in a Wonderful room. It was like living in a dream.. the king bed was feather everything, we've never slept so well in our lives, the shower was Huge with more than enough room for both of us and the shower head which is located at least 10feet off the ground was amazing.. it was like being caught in a rainstorm every moring. All in all it was a truly 'Wonderful&quot; experience.Not only was the service at check in awesome, and the room absolutely amazing, but the concierge service was Unreal. We dealt mostly with a gentleman by the name of Daniel Mireault who was not only absolutely hilarious and down to earth, but did everything in his power to help us with any questions we had. He told us all the best restaurants to go to, the easiest ways to get around the city and answered any typical tourist questions we had. He provided us with maps, booked restaurant reservations without us even having to ask, and even with all the people staying in the hotel remembered us by name. My boyfriend even asked him if he knew how we could get ahold of some tickets for a second hockey game and he took care of everything for us. He got ahold of a few people, made a few calls and when he had all the information you could imagine took the time to call us on our phone, ask how we were doing and how our day was, and let us know the steps we needed to take in order to get the tickets. When you come from a small town of roughly 17,000 people that barely make eye contact with you, service like this blew our minds. We will definitly go back, and hopefully get to see Daniel again as well.Overall just the experience at this Absolutely Amazing hotel was enough to get us hooked on the beautiful city of Montreal. Every single staff member at the W Montreal was not only approachable, but nice enough that you actually wanted to stop and talk with them just to see what they had to stay. I wanted to take Daniel home with us to meet the family!!! Everyone was extremely knowledgeable about different things to do, where to go and how to get there. If ever you want to stay at a hotel that is way different than anywhere else, this is the place to stay. I felt like royalty the entire week, and was extremely sad to go. We will return to the W Montreal and have no doubt in our minds that it will be another experience we won't forget for the rest of our lives.	
Mar 10 2008 	Very cool modern hotel	My husband and I, both in our early 30's stayed at the W Hotel in March. I have stayed at several W Hotels in the states and the W Hotel in Montreal is by far the most modern and funky. At first, it was a bit too modern and the furnishings in the room seemed cold and unwelcoming, but we actually got use to it. It feels like a funky club and you have to go into it with that mindset. We are Starwood members and booked the hotel with cash and points and we were upgraded to a Wonderful room on the 9th floor, overlooking the park. I've checked into other Starwood properties where you have to often remind the front desk that you are SPG members, but here we were treated like royalty. We did not hear any noise from the club being that far up. We got drinks at the Plateau bar when we first arrived and the drinks were tasty but on the pricey side, but to be expected at the W. We also checked out the Wunderbar when we got home one night before heading up to our room and it was way too clubby for us. Daniel, the concierge was fabulous. I think he was the most informative, friendly, and enthusiastic concierge I've ever met. He sat with us for 20 minutes to get a sense of what we were looking for during our stay in Montreal and recommended great restaurants and things for us to do. He also called and made the reservations for us and printed out cards with the name and address of each of the restaurant locations. All in all, a great hotel, good location to Old Montreal, and right across from the Metro. The service is what makes this hotel!	
Feb 17 2008 	As cool as they come	Very nice hotel. I was staying there right after New Years so the occupancy was low and maybe why I felt we received such good service.The room was in the normal W chic fashion. Very unique but still comfortable. The hotel lobby is pure night club atmosphere, bordering on &quot;eurotrashy&quot;, but the hospitality and service more than made up for the cold feel of the rave like lobby. We brought our dog on this trip and that was what put these guys over the top in my opinion. The service that they laid out for our pet was second to none! They brought him a plush bed, bowls, biscuits and a menu. They also offer dog walking and other extras. They do charge a substantial amount for all this that made me think twice about bringing the little guy. In retrospect it was certainly worth it. It seemed that all the employees somehow knew my dog's name and pet him etc. It was extremely welcoming.	
Feb 10 2008 	Great Service and funky room	Stayed at W during our annual trip to Montreal to watch hockey and enjoy the city. We were warmly greeted at the door and provied hot towels while we waited to check in. A great service after the flight. The rooms were modern and very clean. Staff arranged transportation when requested and were always welcoming. The glassed in shower was a new experience but great. Great for the romantic. Dartmouth, NS	
Feb 9 2008 	loved loved loved this hotel : great romantic getaway	I was a bit worried after reading the reviews here but had a WONDERFUL stay here. I've visited this hotel before for their bar and lounged and loved the sophisticated vibe here. We booked a mega room and were celebrating a special occasion. The room was fantastic (i wouldn't call it a suite though) with a huge king bed and a huge sofa that is almost as big as the king bed (length and width). The bed was amazingly comfortable, like sleeping on a cloud with comfy pillows. The bathroom was awesome with a bathtub that had more than enough room for two adults (believe it, it's HUGE) and a wonderful rain shower. I don't know why others found that it was hard to shower with it and that water pressure was low because we did not find it to be the case. It was wonderful and we alternated b/w the bath and shower. There were curtains seperating the main room from the bathroom. The best thing about the W is the service (whatever/whenever as they refer to it). Before we arrived, my bf gave spoke with them on the phone and requested some things (some of which other hotels probably wouldn't have been able to do) and they all were there in our room waiting for us to check in. Our room was ready early (at 10:00 AM) all set up with rose petals scattered strategically everywhere. They told my bf that whatever he wanted, they could arrange, even our own private helicopter if we wanted.Yes, its true that this hotel has a clubby vibe and may not be for everyone. We are in our mid twenties and like staying at hotels that don't have the typical hotel chain feel. Although we were on the 6th floor, we heard the music from the bar in our room although very softly and we found it was nice ambience. It is definately not for families, especially with young kids. I've stayed at many 5 star hotels and usually like the upscale elegance (aka Fairmont chateau laurier or chateau frontenac) but loved the W for it's &quot;different&quot; feel. We didn't go to wunderbar this time but we love the Plateau lounge (love their mojitos and martinis, especially the A La Rose) although drinks are pricey (12-15/ drink) they are quite strong! To summarize: love this hotel, amazing service, expensive room service/drinks but great for a romantic getaway in a hotel with a different feel to it.	
Jan 29 2008 	Great service awesome room	Had a great romantic weekend stay at the W. First W experience and I will be back. Definitely a very trendy place, but sometimes that can be fun. It came close to being over the top, but it managed to stay on the right side of the line.Room was big (upgraded to a wonderful room). Very big, comfy beds, great views of Victoria Square through three massive windows.Location is great. Walking distance to both Ste Catherine for shopping and Old Montreal. The Wonderbar was fun after dinner and the Lounge bar looked cool. Service was top notch, from the doormen, reception and concierge. The &quot;Top Desirs&quot; service came through with a tough request as we were getting ready to go for dinner. My wife loved the Away Spa and I liked the gym.All in all, a very good urban retreat.	
Jan 24 2008 	solid place to stay	My boyfriend and I stayed at the W for a weekend on Starwood points. I had read mixed reviews, primarily about the door-less bathrooms and clubby vibe not being entirely appropriate, and I was a bit worried before we got there, but I found the room to be much more attractive in person, and not having a door for the bathroom (the shower, bathtub and sink can be separated from the bedroom part by a large curtain; the toilet DOES have a door!) did make the room feel bigger. The bed was amazingly comfortable and big, the room was quiet, and the bathtub is indeed huge, (though takes a while to fill up...) The rainhead shower has virtually no pressure if that is important to you, and didn't really heat up. We requested bubble bath, and it was brought to us in minutes in a martini glass. The doorman was super helpful and friendly, as was the concierge and front desk, and we booked massages in the spa, complete with little Zen sand garden (and rakes) which were great. The gym is very well equipped, with individual tvs per machine, as well as the usual weights, balls, etc. Essentially, I have no complaints about this hotel, the service was excellent, it was clean, the room was quiet (except for the all night party that was going on next door, but anyway...) but there is a slight dated club feel to it that doesn't quite fit with the price point. At these prices, I feel that this W hotel might need some design upgrades (dark lobby, lots of electric blues, greens and reds, and a suburban looking crowd mills out outside to get into the bar on the weekend) but it was a really nice stay.	
Jan 21 2008 	Great Location Friendly Staff	We stayed at this property in September 2007. We arrived late in the evening and were subsequently relocated to a nearby hotel as the W was overbooked. The situation was handled well and we returned early the next day.The W brand is not for everyone, and the Montreal property is no exception. The interiors are dark, day and night. Electronic music softly pulsates through the public areas while scented candles sweeten the air. This hotel is in a renovated office building. Our room faced the office building next to us, overlooking an adjoining atrium. It was so dark that even Housekeeping could not see the dust covering most of the furnishings. While the bathrooms are huge they are not completely functional, for instance, there are no towel racks. Nevertheless, the staff were very friendly and extremely accommodating. In addition the hotel's location on the edge of old Montreal and close to downtown is ideal for sightseeing and shopping excursions.	
Jan 12 2008 	Overprice	We spent one week-end at the Montreal W, in a Mega room. The Megas room is 659$ per night.Positive points:- Good location-Design of the hotel-Nice bath, two can easily fit-Incredible bed-Nice staff-Hip place if you are into thatNegative points: - Overpriced ( 8$ for a bottle of water...)- The Otto restaurant is average and expensive. You can dine at the wonderful Toqué! restaurant instead, just one corner away, for almost the same price- Lack of attention to details- Very loud music in the hobby, restaurant, mezzanine and even the elevator, - Room with view on the mezzanine are very noisy since you hear the music from the disco until 3AM- You have to pay for parking, internet access. It should be included . The room: Very design, big room, with the most wonderful bed and pillows you can imagine, very large bath, huge shower.TV screen is ordinary, the towels are rough, one of them even had undone hem (remember we are talking about a 659$ a night room)Very small sample of bath products, with not even a bubble bath sample, wich is a shame when you consider the wonderful bath at your disposition.Restaurant:Very design, the waitress are really good looking with short dresses, service can be slow at supper.Food is average, overprices and in small portion. Breakfast was good , but since the lighting was better, we realized that most of the seats were stained. Too much attention on design (very modern and cold), not enpugh attention to the restAvoid. you can find better at a more reasonnable price.	
Jan 6 2008 	Night at the Roxbury	I stayed here 2 nights in December. It has a very clubby feel to it, even in the morning. While I do like contemporary/modern hotels, this one borders on being cheesy.The hotel itself is in a good location, not to far from Old Montreal. The service was fine. The most interesting thing about our stay is that the shower/bathroom is visible from the rest of the room. The glass is transparent and there is no tinting mechanism if you want some privacy. See the attached picture. I think this hotel is ok given that we used a combination of points+cash to pay for our stay, but I don't think it would be worth it if you paid top dollar for this hotel.	
Dec 11 2007 	Très Chic !	W Montréal sets the stage for an exciting stay in Canada's sexiest, hottest city. The moment you arive the walk into the futuristic darkened lobby and you begin to hear the house music in the background. The hotel imparts an immediate feel of being in its own world, which it truly is. The reception is very accomodating. Our receptionist, Marie, answered our questions and was able to book us in a upgrade room, as the basic rooms only have a shower.The room had a king size bed which was the most confortable bed ever. Flanking each side of the bed were the coolest night stands that lit up in a blue light. Blue is the colour here. The curtains, the cloud scenes on the walls, the blue neon lights here and there; kind of reminds one of being in the future, perhaps on the set of Star Trek Next Generation. The concierge, Mireille, was fantastic and was super-knowledgeable about Montréal. She knew of all the stores depending on what we asked for. Overall, all of the staff (including François at the small bar on the RC level) were eager to please and ever polite and accomodating. The enxt time I visit Montréal I will think of the W first before other hotels!	
Nov 30 2007	tres chic	w is a very chic hotel with wonderful rooms, sexy bathrooms and excellent location- close to everything cool in montreal; loved the 2nd floor bar (a fashion show was rolling when i checked in), the lobby launge and the brunch at otto restaurant. lots of beautiful people, great staff, relaxing music...can't wait to go back.	
Nov 14 2007	They overbook here.	Arrived at hotel only to be told that they were overbooked and could not accomodate me. They made a reservation at another property but it's very disappointing when you arrive at a property after a long day of travelling and have to get back into a taxi and go somewhere else when all you want to do is go to sleep. I specifically wanted to stay at a W hotel, but it looks like they are no different than an economy or budget hotel. The only difference is that I wouldn't have any expectations from a budget hotel. At $200.00 plus per night, you would expect to be taken care of. Obviuosly not. No compensation offered for the inconvience and 100% their error for overbooking to begin with. Will not return and will not recommend to others. I suggest you do the same.	
Nov 13 2007	Ridiculously Cool!	This was my third time staying at the W Montreal. My wife and I consider ourselves W hoppers because we literally plan vacations around W Hotels. This particular weekend was my birthday weekend. I reserved the lowest category room using the Cash &amp; Points promotion for 4,000 + $60 USD per night. Because I am a platinum member, I knew that I would be upgraded but that normally means a fantastic suite (which is cool but not REALLY COOL). When I checked in, they told me that they had upgraded me to the WOW suite. Not to sound obnocious, but my wife and I stayed in this exact room before and I wanted to see what the EXTREME WOW had to offer. I mentioned that it was my B'day and I didn't mind spending extra points for the upgrade. They refused to take my money and upgraded me to a $4,500 per night suite for $60 bucks and a few points per night. The bathroom in this suite is the size of a standard room. I had a huge balcony and remote control shades. It was amazing. My wife even surprised me with an in room massage. The massage therapists couldn't even stop talking about the room.The staff was amazing as usual. I've stayed at all the W's other than the W Atlanta, W New Orleans and W Seoul. Of the W's that I have stayed in, this is by far the BEST. Enjoy....	
Nov 10 2007 	Super nice place	Spent one night here and was really impressed. I was worried as I had read some so-so reviews of this place. Normally we stay at the Hotel Gault (which is also an awesome place to stay) but decided to use some Starwood points and try out the W.Pros- Staff - the staff was really amazing - my best experience in a W Hotel - Mira at the front desk was both lovely and friendly and she made us feel at home as she introduced herself and shook our hands to welcome us. - The Rooms - We booked a Mega room - which is larger than the standard room. Super cool and modern - Very comfy bed and nice desk. - Location - hotel is right on top of the subway station so you can actually take an elevator down to the lower level and go straight to the station without going outside-Restaraunt - the hotel had an awesome restaraunt - order the Lamb Chops - they are worth the wait. The Filet was also very good. Overall the food was much more sophisticated that I was expecting and priced fairly.Cons:-The Rooms - The Bathroom is not for everyone as it offers no real privacy from whoever you are traveling with. It is open to the rest of the room and only separated by a curtain - also there is a large openeing near the front door which further exposes the bathroom. For us it was no problem and kind of cool, but again not for everyone. Also the Mega room has a separate bathtub - which you apparently don't get in other less expensive rooms - just a shower. The shower is very cool but water only come down from above - very minimalist so it was nice to also have a (very minimalist) square tub as well. The room is definitely Form over Function.	
Nov 7 2007	W for er... cool	The W is just plain cool. The staff are really friendly (I stayed for 2 nights then 2 nights in another Canadian city, then went back for a final night and.. the front desk remembered me... which was really hospitable), the overall design is great the bar is ueber kuhl, the restaurant pleasingly wacky. I had one of the 'normal' rooms with a glass walled shower, and, despite being a bit small, it was fun and.. just different. Oh yes, and one morning while reading the paper and drinking coffee in the lounge, a few dozen models came in for a photo shoot.....	
Oct 28 2007 	Magnificent	My Fiancee and I went to Montreal on our 5 year anniversary and we stayed at the W hotel for 6 nights. We absolutely loved every bit of it from the moment we stepped foot in the hotel. It is very European and tres chic which was totally what were looking for. It is also conveniently located close to every thing you would like to see in Centreville (City Center) We had a very fast check-in and everyone was very welcoming. The day we arrived it was raining and the doormenrushed to the taxi to put umbrellas over our heads and swiftly took our bags out of the taxi and delivered them to our room. When we walked into the room, we were absolutely amazed since we didn't know what to expect although we heard both positive and negative things. From the ultra modern bathroom, to the sleek glass rainfall shower, to the ultra plush pillow top king size mattress, the over sized/over stuffed down pillows and ultra warm comforter, fur over throw, sky blue lighted night stands and large windows that over looked the city and lastly the divine &quot;Bliss Bath Amenities&quot; which made you feellike you were in a spa. The outstanding whenever/whatever service was a great amenity. Pretty much, the hotel accommodated your every need. After a long day of walking, we would take a nap and then when we would head out on the the town, the staff would come promptly to tidy up our room so when we got back it was meticulous. Wednesday wasa very popular night @ the &quot;wunderbar&quot; (The hotel's bar/club) Peoplewho were on the guest list were waiting in line for at least 1 hour to get in which was going from the front door to the corner of the street. If you were not on the guest list, then it was difficult to get in. If you are a guest of the hotel you are admitted immediately.The concierge &quot;Patrick&quot; was great. He took time to listen to our needs and went out of his way to help us out. We were looking to go to a Fancy French restaurant to celebrate our 5 year dating anniversary and he sent us to one of the best French restaurants in Montreal called &quot;Bonaparte&quot;. It was exactly what we were looking for,classy and the cuisine was delicious and very authentic and Romantic.It was a short 5 minute walk from the &quot;W&quot;. Lastly, the hotel is very secure. You have doormen who walk you to the check in and to whereverelse you need and nobody can go up to the rooms unless they have a room key that they swipe in the elevators. I would definitely recommend this hotel to any couple that wants to stay at an very upscale &quot;European, Tres Chic&quot; hotel in Montreal, although I would notrecommend this hotel to families with kids	
Oct 24 2007 	excellent as always from the W	a great place to stay, really funky rooms and environment - felt like you were in a permanent nightclub with its ambient decor. As an SPG member we were upgraded to a suite which was on two floors at the top of the hotel with its own balcony - very nice indeed. and Thanks guys!All in all very very good. We had just come from the W in New York so a brilliant stay at the W's again!. Would always recommend. See the photos for a view of the room - worth the upgrade if you have the points/money to do it....	
Oct 22 2007 	W Montreal Delivers!	Absolutely incredible hotel. The staff is so helpful and friendly and full of smiles. The concierge, Hugo, will send you to amazing restaurants and hot spots and he can really target what each guest will like. He knows this city inside and out! The hotel is conveniently located across from the metro station and the orange line will take you to all the great spots in Montreal. Don't rent a car! The hotel room was great...super hip and contemporary. Great sheets, towels, bathroom products, etc. Loved the blue glass shower - but if you're traveling with someone you don't feel comfortable showering in front of, you might want to ask if they offer a room without so much view. The hotel is walking distance to great restaurants and bars, museums, and historic sites. No French necessary, also. Everyone is happy to speak English. I can't wait to go back to Montreal, and will definitely stay at the W again.	
Sep 12 2007	A Great Experience	Our stay at the W was a great experience - although we rarely went to the vast lounges offered at the W we relied heavily on the concierge to point us in the right direction for food, drinking and shopping. Hugo was excellent and every recommendation was exceptional - including the lounges in Mount Royale. The service at the Hotel was great and everyone was incredibley polite and helpful - including our concierge who brought us bubble bath in a martini glass at 1am. We stayed in a Mega Room and ended up with a corner room - the view was fantastic. The location was right next to the metro and close to downtown and old montreal. Definately will stay here again.	
Sep 10 2007	aWesome	Awesome Hotel. Highly recommend this property to anyone who wants a great trendy place to stay. Very pleased and satisfied with the services received at W Montreal. Will definitely be returning in the near future.	
Sep 5 2007	Nice hotel BUT	As we arrived the staff were nice , We were supposed to have A room with KING size bed, But we were given A room with very small bed like almost Full size. The curten that separate the room and shower is very bad idea and the curtin was filthy other than that everything else was good	
Sep 4 2007 	Amazing!!!	I recently stayed thet W hotel in Montreal! From beginning to end the quality of service was exceptional!! Everything we asked for they where prompt in attending to it. Everyone that worked there always had a smile on their face and where extremely helpfull! The bars at the W where so much fun, and the drinks where delicious. One in particular was called the &quot;bitter end&quot; You have to try this drink, it is so amazing!! I would definitely stay there again!	
Aug 24 2007 	Huge Disappointment	Our family of four stayed over a weekend for the Just for Laughs Festival. We booked a separate room for our young adult children. Our (20 year old) daughter loved the hotel for it's modern chic trendy environment. My husband and I found it to be all show with little to no substance. Upon arrival, we were greeted with indifference. The hotel has a &quot;club&quot; like atmosphere which translates into DARK. Forget any sense of &quot;light&quot; (ambient or otherwise). Our room was uncomfortably cold and despite (ignored) requests was never remedied during our stay. Also, with the &quot;club&quot; like atmosphere comes the &quot;club&quot; like noise - ie drunken guests roaming the hallways (after the bars have closed). Their whooping carousing sounds like it's happening right in the room.The staff was hit or miss, bouncing from one extreme (warm, friendly helpful) to the other (cold and dismissive). The concierge was AMAZING - offering tips en route to wherever you might be heading. The door staff were always jovial, warm and extremely helpful. We never touched a bag, they were always available to answer any questions and consistently greeted us back (from our day trips).The location was perfect - minutes walk to Vieux Montreal and downtown, not to mention right next to the Metro.We visit Montreal at least twice a year and typically stay at the St. James. We booked the W at our daughter's request. If you appreciate consistently fine gracious service and amenities then I would NOT suggest the W.	
Aug 22 2007 	Great Location OK hotel.	My wife and I (late 20's) stayed at the W Montreal at the end of June for 4 nights for our anniversary. IWe were able to book a very reasonable package through travelocity. It was our first experience at a W hotel and were excited to stay in a place with &quot;trendy&quot; decor. Upon arrival, we saw the hotel lobby which was well-decorated. We were offerred an upgrade to a mega room, but for $40 dollars more per night. We saw both rooms and decided to stay in the &quot;Wonderful&quot; room since it was not much bigger or better than the &quot;mega&quot;. We had been warned about the shower and how it separates the room by a glass wall. We thought it was unique, but definitely not a room you would want with people you didn't want to see you naked! The room decor was nothing fancy, and slightly understated. Not very cozy or as glamorous as the lobby. Everything was black and blue and looked like a dorm room. The hotel mentions having plasma TV's in the rooms, which we did not have. The staff was hit or miss and the concierge was helpful, but only had a list of common restaurants they recommended and did not know much outside of that. We were brought complimentary chocolates and wine for our anniversary, which was nice. The hotel's best feature was it's location. 5-10 minute walk to Old Montreal and to downtown and right next to the metro. Upon checking out, we had no help with our bags, bringing them down the stairs, or getting a cab. They staff just watched us and kept on talking.We would love to visit Montreal again, but will probably try a different hotel.	
Jul 17 2007 	RUDE with a Capital W	I was at the original W when they opened, and they did not have this much attitude. My colleagues and I were pleased to be staying at the W after hearing many good things about the hotel, bar and food. Indeed, things started off well and a bunch of us met at the bar, we were seated at a table by the hostess. As we continued to order drinks we were told that a private party would be coming in and were asked to move to another table. While we were irritated, we obliged only to be told that no other tables were to be available. None to pleased, we got the check and put a big goose egg of a tip for our waitress who proceeded to tear apart the hostess that lost her a good tip on a $600 tab. Having traveled around the world on business, I can say while I usually the type not to complain, this place was absolutely horrible.	
Jul 3 2007 	So-so service not really worth it	We stayed at the W for three nights and booked the Mega room with 2 queen beds. The decor of the room was fine - really appealing to a younger crowd. I really liked it, but it's certainly not for a familytrip with the kids. The room was very clean, but I noticed some spotson the shower curtain and on the bed blanket. The shower was a rainfall-style shower, which was difficult to figureout how to operate, didn't have enough water pressure and the temperature wasn't hot enough. The beds were really nice - one of themost comfy beds I've slept in a hotel.My biggest problem with the hotel was the service. I really expect first-class service from a hotel of that caliber and it just didn't deliver. We ordered room service - a simple order of two entrees, an iced tea and a sparkling water. It came fast - in 15min., but there was no second set of utensils and the hotel employee left to get the other set. While he was gone, we noticed that the water was missing, but they charged us on the bill. He came back and when we told him about this, he said that it wasn't punched in the order. We complained thatwe were charged already and he left again to get the water.The next day, we left the room service table in our room to be removed by the maid. It was still in the room when we came back, eventhough the room was cleaned. The dishes were gone, but the table and tablecloth was still there. Our toiletries weren't refilled either, so I had to call about that to get extras brought to the room.We paid $60 for breakfast at the restaurant and the service there waslacking too. The staff looks fashionable, but they pay no attention to the diners.Finally, when we were leaving and brought our bags to the lobby - we had to not only drag them down the stairs to the street, but also to the curb of our car, while the valet stood and looked at us struggling! The other one was sitting down and relaxing in the shade.For the money we paid, I would not come back to this hotel. The staffis too pretentious and not helpful enough.	
Jul 1 2007 	Looks Great Poor Service	I booked the W Montreal for a 3 night stay as part of a birthday gift for my partner, who is interested in design and taken by the modern look of the W. Sadly, although it was a gorgeous hotel (and conveniently close to Old Montreal) the service was extremely disappointing.We arrived in Montreal around 10am (an early flight) and went to the hotel to see if it was possible to check in early. They said no but that they would have our room ready by noon and that they would hold our luggage. When we returned at noon someone else was at the desk and said the room was not ready but offered to take my cell # and call us as soon as it was. Well, by 3pm we hadn't received a call so went back to check in at the normal time. Yet another new person pulled up our file and seemed surprised to see the note about calling when the room was ready because she had not and it had been ready for a while. Again, the room was beautiful but over our 3 night stay we had NO HOUSEKEEPING. None at all--no clean towels, no tidy up, no making the bed, nothing!! And frankly, paying almost $300 a night I didn't feel like it was my job to remind them. It became our running joke to see how long we'd go without any housekeeping--talk about a bad punchline. When I complained to management I was told it was somehow my fault because we had been in our room during the housekeeping hours--which must have been 4pm-6pm because that's the only times we were at the hotel apart from sleeping. I was amazed that a hotel that sells itself as having &quot;whatever whenever&quot; service couldn't figure out a way to check back on the room at a different time or leave us a message saying they missed us.Way too expensive for poor service like that. Next time in Montreal I'll be spending my money somewhere else for better service. If you want to experience the W, walk in and see the lobby. That's as good as it gets.	
Jun 22 2007 	Not a Place I'll visit twice!	Stayed two nights at the W Montreal (because the Queen Eliz was fully booked). Yikes, won't do that again.I had read the reviews on here so I had a good sense of what I was in for, but I was still shocked....from the brilliant blue everywhere, to the overwhelming smell of candles, to the odd lighting in the elevators, the whole experience left me flat.Several reviewers commented on the shower. First, I didn't find any problem with the ceiling mounted rain shower, in fact I quite liked it. Second, staying with the right person, the fact that the bathroom doesn't have a door or privacy was fine with me too.I didn't find the Bliss Spa toiletries anything special but they were ok.The bed was AWESOME!! Lots of pillows, nice and firm, and no weird smells.Seldom have I stayed in a hotel that doesn't provide a coffee maker and/or kettle, even when asked. They don't have anything available. You're required to call downstairs and then it may or may not show up. When ours did show up, it was lukewarm at best.It took three visits by three different &quot;Whatever/Whenever&quot; reps to change the lightbulb in my bathroom.I ordered room service for a dinner and breakfast. The food was very good, if very expensive. The service was ok.There was very loud music that started about 3pm and continued into the evening that actually drowned out the TV in my room.The highspeed internet was useless. I had to call their service many times as their server kept &quot;timing out&quot; and resetting my screen to their welcome message. I lost several hours of working time as a result. Oh yes, and it's $20 for 24hrs.The room was clean, but generaly seemed to be just trying too hard to be different. I can now say that I've been there, and done that, but wouldn't do it again.	
Jun 20 2007 	Complete Chaos and Bliss at the W	If you like losing your luggage and showering naked directly in front of your family and friends, this is the hotel for you.Chaos started brewing from the moment we checked into the hotel. First, we found out that the room we reserved was not the same one they showed us on their website; in actuality, the room was about 200 sq feet smaller than we were told. My best friend Sam and I were too busy staring at our reflections as we grinded to the lobby's techno music to make a fuss. We decided to just accept our fate.The good:Once we got into our room, we decided we could manage with the smaller space since the room was clean and sleek. The bed was big and extremely comfortable. In fact, I may ask my fiance if we should purchase one. The view was great. The towels were big and fluffy.The walls were relatively thick as I don't remember being distracted by outside noise. The furniture was modern and the area was clean. After a look-through with my magnifying glass, I did not find any bug legs, dustballs, or mystery stains. There were plenty of mirrors so we could all line up and stare at ourselves with mocked anguish (while secretly admiring ourselves). The Bliss body products are heavenly so ask for as many samples as possible. It's your right to use as much lotion as you want since rooms can cost b/t $599-$3000 a night. If you stay at this hotel, massage your whole body with their body butter lotion. I personally used one bottle per body part. Then I washed it all off in their voyeuristic shower and reapplied. Remember, there is nothing wrong with pampering yourself. You paid for it. Body butter. Body butter. Body butter. We all love it. We wanted to throw our samples on the lobby floor and wrestle for them but we didn't have time.The bad:The hotel lost our luggage which contained our passports and privileged legal documents. Our documents floated aimlessly through the hotel all day due to staff negligence. The hotel did not seem to think that losing passports and client files was a big deal and told us that the bags were not lost, just &quot;missing&quot;. Inviting your guests to quibble over semantics is not an acceptable way to spend the day in Montreal.We finally received our bags about 8 hours later. The hotel agreed to comp us for the room due to the inconveniences we incurred as a result of being deprived of identification, client information, and clothing all day. We of course spent this newfound money at their restaurant. As we left the restaurant, someone called Sam and I &quot;lesbies&quot; so that sort of made up for the slipshod service we received earlier.The ugly:Showering in front of friends can be pleasant under the right circumstances but showering in front of family hardly ever is. If you value your modesty, bring blindfolds for your roommates so you can shower in peace. Even if you manage to create a makeshift door with their towels, everyone can still see your silhouette so be prepared for questions about your posture in the shower. And if you are one of those people who only pretends to wash her hair, you can just forget about it. Everyone can see you so you better be prepared to explain your lack of hygiene.Overall, we had a good time last weekend but we were ready to head home. They were ready to have us leave too based on how quickly they threw our bags out of the hotel. One of the hotel guys practically smothered me with my own hood and shoved me into a cab. For a second I thought I had fallen victim to a kidnapping or hostage situation.As I caress my collection of sample sized body butters, I am unsure about whether I will stay here again. To be fair to the hotel, maybe we were not the best guests. But they were not the best hotel staff either. The one thing we can all be sure about is the fact that Bliss body butter is the best. So if you want some free lotion, this is the place to be. Or you can just go to Sephora. It's your choice.	
Jun 6 2007	Enjoyed the trendy W	I really liked the hotel. It was my first stay at a W and I really liked the modern/trendy concept. The staff was super friendly and helpful, not at all uptight (and they are all extremely good looking). They sent me several emails before my arrival, so I took the opportunity to make reservations for restaurants and get some recommendations for activities. I really liked the hotel, but I have to say, I understand people's issues with its uber-trendiness. We got to the hotel at around midnight on a friday and the entrance was roped off by velvet ropes, surrounded by at least 5 bouncers with about 50 people waiting onlineto get into Wunderbar. If you're put off by that sort of scene, this is not the hotel for you. I'm on the younger side and used to the clubbing scene so i wasn't intimidated, but I can definitely imagine feeling that way if I was older or with a family. Only thing that stops me from giving this hotel 5 stars is the shower - it is really really bad. A hotel as nice as that should have a shower with water pressure. Other than that, all was lovely and grand. Take advantage of the excellent hotel staff. I informed them I was arriving for a special event and a bottle of wine was sent to our room with a nice note. Also, take advantage of the fact that hotel guests dont have to wait on line to get into Wunderbar, it was a cute little scene.	
Jun 1 2007 	Great hotel!	ME and my husband stayed at W last weekend, and we loved it! Of course, hotel is oriented to younger people, which was also one the reasons why i liked it. I felt totally &quot;in my place&quot;. We are in our late twenties, but we love quality service. But sometimes when you go to upscale hotels you feel like a stranger, just because you want to wear jeans. Wearing jeans doesn't mean that you don't have money anymore!!! That;s why i loved W, because they don't judge you, and no matter how old you look they will treat you like you are a rock star! Really, the staff was great, everyone so polite and provide lots of attention. Concierge Hugo and Daniel were especially helpful. Hotel is clean and modern. Also we had an incident when housekeeping misplaced the case for my glasses (probably they threw it away by accident). But front desk response to that was promt and they did everything trying to locate it. In the end they gave me a new case so i could transport my glasses back home!The really ONLY negative thing was that when i asked for umbrella the girl at the front desk replied &quot;we are out of umbrellas&quot; . It was pouring outside! Then she said there is an umbrella in the room, which i could take if i pay $20. That was simply ridiculous! It's really not my problem that they ran out of umbrellas. First, they probably could send someone to buy new umbrellas. Second, they SHOULD have given the umbrella from room for free???? Not only we got wet, but also we wasted time driving with taxi around Montreal looking for umbrella on Sunday morning...in the end the taxi driver gave us his umbrella (thank you! ).All in all, i loved W and i am looking forward in staying in other W hotels!	
May 22 2007 	Almost Wonderful	This was our second time at the W Montreal. It is definately one of the best W Hotels there is, and we have stayed in many. I put in on par with the one in San Diego. They set themselves apart here becasue they consistantly want to please you. For example they always upgrade you (if you are an SPG member) to a much larger room. Ours was almost 900 sq ft.. Don't let the reviews about the &quot;open&quot; bathroom turn you off. There is a gigantic curtain that you can pull across if you desire the separation from the main room, but I find it rather unique and it gives a great spacious feeling.Thanks to all who posted the tips about the noise from the bars coming up the center courtyard. I was traveling with my 5 and 8 year old this time and requested a room on a high floor facing the outside. Of course the accomodated that request.Take advantage of the email link to the concierge asking if there is anything they can do to make you stay more &quot;wonderful&quot;. I did. I spend almost a week corresponding with the hotel about everthing from our room location to dinner reservations and it just made everthing that much easier when I got there. On top of that they knew who I was and what my intention was for vacation.The only reason I can't give this stay &quot;excellent&quot; is because i requested a connecting room for my grandmothother. Which not only did they not accomodate, they were unable to check her into her room until 5:00 pm. THat and they were painting the hallways after dark and we were not informed of that upon our arrival which made thing a bit sticky with our kids.Other than that, enjoy this hotel. We will again.	
May 14 2007 	Hotel for Hipsters	My wife and I stayed two nights at the W in Montreal May 5th. Overallwe were very pleased with the hotel. Design wise the hotel is as modern as you can get with Sexy lighting and music throughout the hotel. The beds were very comfortable and the rooms were quiet. I had read on here that people could hear noise from the bar downstairs. We were on the 7th floor so we did not run into any problems with noise. We also never heard a peep from our neighbors except for the occasional door closing, but it is a hotel so what do you expect. The room size is exactly what you would expect from a downtown, big city hotel. Any one who has frequented hotels in large cities will find the size of the rooms to be comparable to hotels elsewhere. The staff was extremely helpful and polite. They were truthfully one of the most attentive hotel staff's I have delt with in a while. Theconcerige was also excellent and showed no frustration with my wife and my difficulty in deciding where we wanted to dine. He ended up recommending a restautrant that was excellent and exactly what we were looking for. The location of the hotel is excellent by being on the edge of downtown and old montreal. A few blocks one way is old montreal, a few blocks the other way is mid town. We could not have asked for a better location.There were only two negatives I had with the hotel. First, while the rainfall showers are &quot;cool&quot; and a neat design concept, they really aren't great for actual showering. The water &quot;falls&quot;more than it sprays making the water pressure very light by the time it gets to your legs and feet. Also because the water comes straight down it is difficult to rinse arm pits etc. I think they should have tried actual showering in the showers before deciding to instal them in each of the rooms. Also, unless you are staying wih your spouse or significant other you probably won't appreciate the window that is in the shower. When someone is in the shower everyone in the room can see. Be warned. My second complaint isn't a terribly big deal but it is somewhat annoying. On friday night of our stay the hotel's Wunderbar was packed with the typical velvet rope and line of people waiting to get in. I found it annoying that I needed to wait for the distracted bouncers to finish doing their VIP club lists to look at me so I could show them my room key for entry to the hotel. There is no reason as a guest staying at the hotel I should have to wait at all to show my room key to a surly bouncer to gain admittance. The W really should provide a seperate entrance to the club as I found this to be a problem.Otherwise the rooms were great, the location was great, the staff wasgreat (with the exception of the club bouncers) and the price was right. If you are looking for a trendy hotel to stay with yout significant other, you wouldn't go wrong booking here.	
Apr 28 2007 	Fine but overpriced.	The W hotel is fine. It sort of feels like you are going into a club as you enter the hotel. Black dressed men with earpieces escort you to the counter to check in. At the counter and throughout the lobby are women who are dressed and look better than any women in the real world. Everyone is very pleasant and the surroundings are clean and nice, sort of like an upscale dance club.The hotel rooms are fine. The beds are comfortable. The furnishings try very hard to be extremely stylish. It came off to me as if they were glorified upscale IKEA. Unfortunately, this kind of furniture starts to look worn very quickly, and some of the furnishings are now looking a bit old even though they are only 2 years old.The concierge was extremely helpful. The hotel food and coffee shop are terribly overpriced, but that is expected.I would hve thought that a hotel trying to be so fancy would have had plasma screens in the rooms and would have also thought that they would have put more effort into cleaning the windows in the rooms- filthy.All in all, the stay was fine, but the W Montreal is neither memorable nor a great value. This is NOT a good hotel for families or children.	
Apr 23 2007 	Don't expect to sleep	Stayed here the weekend of April 21. Everything positive about this hotel- its trendy design, indulgent bathrooms, convenient location, cleanliness- was eclipsed by the fact that I could not fall asleep until 4am due to loud club music coming from the hotel bar. At check-in I had requested a quiet room on a high floor. Was given a 9th floor &quot;mega&quot; room (room 913) with a very small window overlooking an interior atrium. I imagine the desk clerk thought he was doing us a favour since there was absolutely no street noise audible when we arrived in the early evening...what he didn't realise (I hope) was that at the bottom of the atrium sits the hotel's bar which pumps loud music until 4 am... The bed, though fitted with high-quality goose down duvet and pillows was extremely soft and unsupportive...the plan of the room is open with only translucent draperies separating the bed from the bath, and there is a wall cutout between the foyer that overlooks the bathtub. (the toilet, thankfully, is in a separate room with a door) I do not recommend staying here with anyone with whom you do not feel comfortable being naked...The W is overrated, overpriced, very noisy and a bit odd. Will not stay here again.	
Apr 23 2007 	Very nice contemporary style rooms.	I really enjoyed my stay here, although it's not the signature Montreal boutique hotel. It's part of a chain. I booked a Mega Room, which was very impressive. I really liked the interior decor. If &quot;money ain't a thang&quot;, I'd suggest a &quot;Wow Suite&quot; or better yet the &quot;Extreme Wow Suite&quot;. The EWS has a large jacuzzi tub embedded in the floor. Beautiful! This trip required a different area of Old Montreal, which brought a different vantage point. It was what I expected, quiet, charming and upscale. The Living Room of the W Montreal was quite interesting. I think they've spent alot of time marketing it as a more hip and contemporary hotel. It was impressive. They have what they call a &quot;Whenever/Whatever Service&quot;, that's the real deal. The food was good, especially breakfast, which I had at Otto, which is their signature restaurant. Finally, my experience with the Away Spa was very good. I had to best massage ever, sore afterward but after the soreness went away, I felt like a brand new person, physically and spiritually renewed.	
Apr 13 2007	Wonderful	I went to stay here for one night to pamper myself after a difficult Christmas. The hotel is located between the beautiful Old Port and the city centre - ideal for shopping, bars, and sight seeing.You cannot help but be impressed when you walk into the modern lobby - low lighting and chic furniture create a stylish mood. The staff at the front desk were very helpful and as the room type I wanted was not available, they upgraded me (twice) for free!So I got a pretty amazing room for the price of a regular one. The room was on the 3rd or 4th floor and the bed was really the centrepiece - with good reason as it was huge and very comfortable. The bathroom was incorporated into the room (separate toilet) and was stunning - huge bath, two sinks and Bliss products. The shower was also great - a big 'rain' head that makes you feel like you're in a tropical jungle!There was also a chaise lounge in the room, big flat-screen TV, minibar (overpriced items but that is normal for any mini-bar), wi-fi access...I would definitely go back here or to any other W Hotel as had a great experience.	
Apr 9 2007 	Trendy Costly Unique	You should know the W is not your average hotel. It's all different, from the shower to the minibar, from the corridors to the front desk. And, for staying in a unique kind of hotel, you pay the price for it.With that in mind, I loved the decor all around, although the lobby itself I thought it was a little too much. The bar on the 1st floor is very nice and relaxing. The room is smaller than you average room, I was a little disappointed with that, but the decoration easily makes up for it. The bed is truly wondeful and the service was distant but nice enough, no complaints.Be advised that the &quot;wall&quot; between the shower and the bedroom is actually a glass wall, so it's see-through. I'm not talking opaque, translucent or shaded here, I'm talking clear glass. Great for couples, but just be aware of that if you're taking another kind of trip. Not that this is a family oriented hotel, anyway.Another note on the shower: the water comes from the ceiling, instead of coming from the wall in an angle, like everywhere else. It looks to me that whoever design this, never actually took a shower on it, otherwise the idea would've been dropped 5 seconds later. Terrible! All and all, I really enjoyed this hotel, at least as a one time visit to know what's the fuss is about or for a special trip. For just a regular trip it would not be my choice.Top Feature: The very different decorBottom Feature: The terrible shower on the ceiling. Who came up with that????	
Apr 9 2007 	Great Montreal Hotel	Wonderful W near Old Montreal and Downtown. Small compared to other W Hotels so it compares favorably to other boutique hotels in Old Montreal. We had a Mega room which was truly Mega! The bathroom area which is open (but with a curtain for privacy) is actually larger than some hotel rooms. Excellent Italian restaurant on premises called Otto. What made this hotel stay really memorable was the friendliness of the staff. We were greeted by our name by anyone who we had previously met. Anything we asked for was done within 5 minutes. Eye catching W modern decor is on evidence throughout the hotel. A great stay.	
Mar 25 2007 	Montreal W: Fabulous hotel but not for the modest!	I've stayed at the W twice in the past year, and have always enjoyed the rooms. In fact, as far as the rooms go, this is among the best W's that I have stayed at. I must admit I haven't ordered room service or been to the bars, spa, or restaurant. But the rooms are great. I often reserve a room slightly above the basic room, either by choice or because I make my reservation at the last minute and regular rooms aren't available. Both rooms had comfy beds, great work space, good lighting, and well-made modern furniture. The mini-bar is well stocked, but a little pricey. The bathrooms, however, were a trip in both rooms. Both had some sort of &quot;peek-a-boo&quot; aspect. The first, a glass wall between the shower and the bedroom area. The second had just a curtain between the bathroom and the bedroom area, plus a &quot;window&quot; above the bath looking into the desk/closet area. I was traveling alone, so no biggie, but with a travelling partner this would have been annoying. I'm not necessarily modest, but prefer my privacy while washing my privates, so to speak.Both times my room overlooked the square in front of the hotel with big windows and versatile window treatments (semi-transparent roller blinds with light blocking curtains). If I remember correctly from my first summer-time stay, the windows open to let in fresh air. (Sub-freezing weather on my latest trip dictated I not bother trying to open the windows on this trip!)The staff have generally been friendly and helpful. My arrival on this latest trip in March was very late due to weather-related flight delays. I arrived at 2:45 AM on a Wednesday night (er, Thursday morning I guess). The door man was cool to me, but saw I had luggage and let me in. Immediately I realized why they had a stern-looking door man. The bar was *packed* and *loud* -- on a late-night Wednesday. Go figure. (Thursday night it was much quieter, by the way.)The person at the check-in desk look dubious when I said I was there to check in. But he got friendlier when he realized I had a reservation and I was a member of SPG's platinum or gold or diamand club or whatever they call it (stayed 10 nights last year at SPG properties. Once I was in my room, it was much quieter. Although the neighorbor woke me in the morning. I could hear his alarm clock through the closed, locked connecting door. Then his alarming lung-clearing hacking coughs. But that was the only noise issue. (The door was definitely the culprit, as opposed to thin walls -- maybe ask for a room with no connecting room?)Other front-desk staff were always friendly, providing directions, etc. and were happy to speak English in French-speaking Montreal. The doormen were friendly as well, including a particularly chipper doorman who helped me with a taxi at 6:00 AM on my way back to the airport.Location was convient to the old town and business and hotel conference centers where my meetings took place.All in all, I'd stay there next time traveling alone, ask for a high floor, and next time try out one of the bars on a slower night.	
Mar 19 2007 	Do Not Stay Here!	My husband and I were booked to stay at this Hotel for what we thought was to be the ending of a nice romantic get-away - we thought wrong. Our whole reason for choosing this hotel was because my mom had recieved a complimentary night stay for being a Starwood Guest and passed it onto us - being leary of 'complimentary' type invitations, I called the hotel directly and asked to speak with someone about this before making a reservation. After reading them EXACTLY what the invitation said they assured me that it indeed meant we would have one free night and one free spa treatment. Excellent, right? Wrong! When we arrived and went to check in I gave the woman at the desk my free invitation and gift certificate and right away I was treated differently. She asked me to wait while she checked with her manager that this certificate was indeed valid. After a few moments she came out and told me that I would not be entitled to a free night stay unless we booked the 'AWAY SPA' package (a very expensive package I might add) and then we would be given a free night stay. I explained to her upon making my reservation I was not told about this, nor does it say anything like that on the certificate (there also was no footnotes, asteriks, see more details, etc. etc.) nor did it even REFER to such a thing as the AWAY SPA package!!!! I asked to speak to her manager, she came out and just reiterated exactly what previous person had told us. I told her we had travelled from Toronto (it was now evening) and had made a plan to stay there, and now we had no reservations to stay anywhere else! She simply didn't care! No apologies were offered, no special discounted accomodations (it was dead there btw, they could of given us a room!) - NOTHING! If you're looking for a place to cater to you (and treat you with respect) this place is not for you. I told her that if she was looking to cater to the 25-35 yr, professional crowd - she was seriously doing herself a disservice by treating us this way.	
Mar 8 2007 	Loved Staying at the W Montreal	My Best friend , my mom and I stayed at the W Montreal the last week in November and the first few days in December for a convention. We loved the hotel. The rooms were beautiful and the bed was Great. My friend and I were kind of worried when we saw the picture of the open plan bathroom but it never caused any problems. We could hear the music from the bar, we were on the 6th floor, but we were both still able to sleep.As others have stated we had a room facing the office building but we both liked it as it allowed us to people watch, plus we were only in out room during the morning and at night so it did not affect our stayThe desk staff was very Helpful including the one time we accidentally ordered a movie twice (at 17.00 per movie we didn't want to pay for it twice) and they quickly removed the extra charge.The room service food was good but not amazing and a little on the expensive side, but we had expected it. But they were always quick at getting the food to our room.The staff were great and always helpful. They would ask us how our day was going, and as we were both smokers the fact that they always had matches on them was a plus for us. At the reception they had a hot chocolate station set up and it was by far the best hot chocolate we had had. Our only problem we had was with the restaurant that they had at the hotel. Though they are not a part of the hotel so I don't blame the hotel it self. We waited almost an hour for our food and they kept bringing us the wrong food, I'm not a very picky person but when you ask for a fruit bowl and they bring you eggs/bacon and hash browns they were a little off. The hotel management finally told us that they would give of the meal free of charge and have it delivered to our room as we had to go and pack as it was our last day.	
Feb 17 2007	Wow!!!	Everything youd expext from a W Hotel and more. Historic building, cool staff, great lighting, wonderful music, wonderful vibe.To the person that complained about te music from the bar: Come on, it's a W Hotel - what did you expect??? Piano music? Some understanding of what you are in for when you choose a W would elimenate some people's frustration. W is not for everyone - it's a luxury hotel for those of us that don't equate luxure with crystal chandeliers, marble floors, and stoic &quot;my pleasure&quot;'s!!! If you want something more traditional try a Ritz or a Four Seasons. W wouldnt be my first choice if I was traveling with a 10 month old baby!!! Hotels are not all things to all people....do your homework.	
Jan 30 2007	Killer Time	Stayed here during a convention and had an absolute blast. Three good bars staffed by HIGHLY attractive, scantly clad young girls... Lots of partying. The spa was great. The service prompt (they sewed on a button for me for free!) and the food savory. In my opinion this hotel rivals the greats in Dubai. Just an overall high energy time and the aesthetics are superb. I am bringing my bachelor party back to stay at this hotel. Montreal is just a real cool place for Americans to go for biz or pleasure. I will be back for both even in the winter! It is that hot!	
Dec 30 2006 	'W' is for 'Won't' be going back!	Thoroughly forgettable stay. I've stayed in 2 other W hotels (NYC) and unfortunately their new addition in Montreal does not meet up to the W brand standards. First, we asked upon arrival if our room could be near our friends' room. &quot;No go, hotel is booked solid&quot;. Okay, but the lady at the front desk didn't even try to move some rooms around. It's not like everyone had already checked in at 1:30pm! She snarkily replied that I should have asked when I made the reservation in the first place. Well, we made the reservation for both rooms at the same time; did they expect that we wanted to be as far away from each other as possible? Then our room.... beautiful as expected with two double beds, huge bath, shower and the whole Bliss product line as I've come to expect from any W hotel. Unfortunately, our view looked over some kind of courtyard/office where I could see people working away and going up and down the elevator. At the bottom of this atrium is the W bar. Neeless to say we heard the music until the bar closed, sometime around 3 am. Unforgivable, especially that we had our 10-month old daughter with us! My friends had a few issues too. First the barking dog somewhere on their floor (dogs are accepted here). No little chiwawa here, somekind of big dog. But considering, that was probably a pleasant noise compared to the people next door who were enjoying their honeymoon for everyone to hear. So beware paper thin walls are to be expected.Finally, we ordered food from a local reataurant but they forgot plates. I called the front desk for 4 plates. This is the 'Whenever, Wherever&quot; service you famously here about; they will fulfill any of your desires (within limits of course). The lady at the service desk tried to charge me $8 for the four plates! What?! A bit of negotiating and she let go of the charges. This was not a DESIRE but rather a NEED unless they wanted us to spread our thai food on their lovely pale blue leather ottoman!I was just so let down because the W had become a favorite place of mine (I'm a SPG member).	
Dec 4 2006 	Snooty but nice	We stayed at the W hotel for one night in March and had a good time.The hotel was very 'Ikea-like' and modern which was one of the things that appealed to me when I considered booking here. It is conveniently located across from the subway line so getting around town is fairly simple. I had heard some bad things about the staff at the hotel so I was dreading the attitudes. Having driven over 5 hours to get there, the last thing we really wanted was an unfriendly face. I was pleasantly surprised for the most part. Front Desk was wonderful, they greeted us with warm smiles and offered hot apple cider while they got our paperwork ready. The concierge however, seemed unenthused to offer any reasonable suggestions for dinner. We ended up finding a Dominos Pizza within walking distance to the hotel.The room was very clean and stylish. The bed was comfortable and so were the chairs.. We thought it was neat that the shower had a glass wall although not suitable for families or friends travelling together as you are pretty much on display if anyone is in the room portion. The bathroom amenities are wonderful (all made by Bliss) and the robes were the softest I have ever had in a hotel. The electric blue curtains were a nice addition to the room as well. We did find however, that the room directory they provide was not helpful in terms of the local area. Not being from the area, we found it a little difficult to choose where to go during our stay. We lost a day to snow but were able to do some shopping in the malls. On the second day we bought the transportation/museum pass and were able to navigate around and see the Biodome (as animal lovers we found it entertaining), the Biosphere (we were disppointed although didn't know what to expect), the Fort (also disappointing) and Mount Royal (stunning view of the city). We also visited Old Montreal to shop in the boutiques but found the sales staff pushy when you walked in and incredibly rude if you looked at a sales rack or didn't buy anything. It put a little damper on our spirits : (Overall, our trip was okay, the highlight was our stay at the W. Parking was overly expensive everywhere and the boutiques in Old Montreal are overpriced for what they offer. We would return possibly in the spring/summer months and try to enjoy the city more and of course we will stay at the W again.	
Nov 30 2006 	Excellent Hotel with Superb Service	The &quot;W&quot; in Montreal is an incredible hotel--chic, fashionable and post-modern, it embodies all the excitement and futuristic spirit of Montreal. The rooms are quite spacious and the bathroom (walled entirely by glass) is immaculate and large. This is definitely a room you would want to share with a partner / significant other. The staff are extremely amenable and friendly. The only drawback is the gym--under the auspices of &quot;detoxification&quot;, the gym contains no weight-lifting equipment--there are a few small dumbells, but nothing of worth. Guests are invited to outdoor yoga sessions, however, that prove quite enjoyable. Overall, an excellent hotel worthy of a repeat visit.	
Nov 28 2006 	No Attitude	I had read the previous reviews before I even booked my recent stay at this hotel, so I had a good idea of what to expect before I arrived. I decided to go with an open mind and embrace what the hotel was offering. Some of the things other have said about the place is true: The hallways are dark compared to other hotels, the rooms -- and bathrooms -- are very open. The staff is very young and very pretty -- something i didn't consider a negative. The one thing commented upon in many reviews is the staff having lots of attitude. I didn't find that at all. Everyone I encountered from those who who parked my car and carried up my luggage, Katherine at the front desk, the housekeepers upstairs, the concierge, the servers in Otto, and Max (?) the bartender in Wunderbar.... all were very friendly and attentive to my needs. Of the 5 rooms i had during my trip to Canada, the one at the W (#512) seemed to be the largest, probably because of the lack of walls in the space. I had a nice view out the front of the hotel of Victoria Square and the buildings of downtown Montreal. I couldn't hear any noise from the street nor was I able to hear music from the bars downstairs. The bed was very comfortable. I enjoyed the very large shower. I ate in Otto one my nights there and it was very enjoyable. The food seemed to come out of the kitchen a bit on the slowside, but there was a very large party in the restaurant at the same time and having worked in the biz, i know that can really mess up service for others.in the bar there was a local TV channel filming auditions for a reality show and eventhough there were a lot of them there, it didn't seem to keep the bar staff from being friendly and attentive to the other guests there. Overall i very much enjoyed my stay at the W and would refer others who would enjoy the type of environment.... but i would definitely say it's not a hotel for everyone.	
Oct 16 2006 	Nightclub vibe with comfy beds!	First time in Montreal, First time in a W- I was completely taken aback by the level of attention given to us through emails prior to our stay, which is why i was surprised upon arriving that attention wasn't nearly as personal. Regardless, the staff is truly attentive, the hotel is a smorgasbord for the senses and it is such a fun room what with the open shower and funky furniture. We couldn't help but feel like we were in a nightclub at all times though- even the doormen look like bouncers!The Wunderbar is kind of ordinary- with an extraordinary exterior. It's more of a professional crowd on Friday night but then again, it IS a hotel bar. Otto has a lovely martini list and is a quiet bar attached to a pretty restaurant. The barmaid there (we are so sad not to know her name) is precious- a wealth of information, so sweet and so nice. It was such a pleasure to chat with her for our 2 nights there. The location is very quiet. So close to Old Montreal though and easy to get to anywhere else with cab/metro. The bed is crazy comfortable, the funky design is great fun- but I would say that it could have been cleaner. There was some gunk in the shower, stains on the walls in the bathroom. It was presentably clean, but not thoroughly.	
Oct 8 2006 	Funky 	I stayed at the W Montreal for only one night on a recent business trip. I got a very affordable rate ($179 CDN) on the hotel website for a Thursday night in October.I absolutely loved the ambience... very young and funky. As other reviewers have noted, this hotel is for the young and for the young at heart. Older travellers might not appreciate the low lighting, the music or the decor, but I certainly did.The location was great for me... my meeting was in a nearby hotel in Old Montreal. The downtown nightlife is not far away (short cab ride or a 15-minute walk), and the Bell Centre is slightly closer. The staff was very friendly and efficient. I didn't have any problems, so I can't comment on their problem resolution abilities, but they certainly seemed very competent.The room was pretty funky. As others noted, the shower and the bedroom are divided by a blue transparent wall. I was by myself, so all it meant to me is that I could make sure none of my socks snuck out on me when I was in th shower, but it would be a nice addition to a romantic weekend away with that special someone. On the other hand, you might not want to stay at the W if you're in town to see a hockey game and are splitting a room with the guys.Like most Starwood properties, the bed was very comfortable. I stayed on the fourth floor and did not hear any noise from the nightclub in the building (which I didn't go to, but I hear it is an excellent place to see and be seen).I loved this hotel and would definitely stay there again.	
Oct 4 2006 	Style and substance.	The W certainly meets expectations given its reputation for high style. The rooms are beautiful, with a bit of an edge. Some folks might be put off by the open bathroom plan (large shower has no curtain/door, sinks/bath are in the sam &quot;room&quot; as the bed, large curtain can be pulled around area for privacy - WC does have a door). We were put off by the &quot;nickel and diming&quot; of such an expensive hotel. The reputation allows for a customer to buy anything in the room (furniture included), but the fact that phone calls, Internet, etc. are not only not free, but are more expensive than at less expensive hotels in the are is a little convoluted, in our opinion.With a special discount available to Starwood members, we'll probably go back, but without, we'll opt for other properties.	
Sep 28 2006 	Great hotel ok location	The hotel was modern and clean; however, with the black walls and dim lighting might be a little dark for some visitors. The staff went out of their way for us. They are the most friendly staff in all of Montreal. The location was good but not great. Not much night life in the immediate neighborhood; but the Metro stop across the street can get you anywhere in the city in a couple minutes.	
Sep 25 2006 	Wonderful Wedding Anniversary	We stayed at W Montreal for our second anniversary and we loved this place. We choose W because we was looking for a 5 stars hotels having a young atmosphere. We did not want to have to wear a tie to go to the hotel restaurant!Decor is very modern. The room's decor and the very translucent shower was very sexy and perfect for a couple... It had a huge bath and a rain shower. Our room was spacious (king bed) - it looks like a loft. We ate at the Otto restaurant (Italian). We loved our seafood plate. We also had a drink at each bar (3 total) and the staff was very professional. There is a subway access directly in the hotel or across the street. It's a short walk (3-4 blocks) to the shopping area and to old Montréal. W is in a safe neighbourhood. Valet parking is 37,50. We paid 239$ for a Wonderful room (king bed) on Saturday. They did not ask for our CAA card.	
Sep 21 2006 	I have asthma and got a smoking room	I have severe asthma. I also have sinus issues which impacts sense of smell. I booked what was supposed to be a smoking room and crashed out. I woke up in the middle of the night with major asthma problems and then spotted the place littered with ashtrays, albeit they were clean ashtrays. But the room was definitely a smoking room. I went for a walk and came back for a pricey very very cold breakfast. Staff were physcially beautiful certainly but it was far too trendy for anybody over 22 years of age.	
Sep 15 2006 	One of the best hotels ever	We had an absolutely wonderful stay at the W Hotel Montreal over the weekend of August 18th. The hotel is just gorgeous -- the rooms are spacious and lovely with stunning views of the Montreal skyline. The service is outstanding (very polite and helpful) from the front desk and valet staff to the room service and restaurant personnel. The Awake Spas is fabulous -- we enjoyed wonderful massages and facials. The food from the restaurants and room service is truly top notch. I highly recommend this hotel for both business and pleasure. -- Gail from Boston	
Aug 27 2006 	Excellent service	The decor is modern and may not fit everyone's taste, but it is definitely something to try at least once. We took a red-eye and were worried that we had to hang out for 5 hours before checking-in. Luckily they allowed us to check-in at 10:30AM and even accomadated us to the top floor because my wife was pregnant and a very light sleeper. As soon as we entered the staff was excellent. I don't think we opened any doors or carried anything once we entered and we are the type to carry our own luggage. Everyone who passed greeted us and asked if everything was OK and if their was anything they could do for us. The concierge was fantastic and made any reservations or called ahead for schedules for anything we were interested in. CAN'T BEAT THE SERVICE.As for location it is good not excellent. It has the metro beneath it and restaurants nearby but still atleast a 5 minute walk. If your plans are to visit Old Montreal than the location is perfect but for the other parts of the city it is either a 10-15 minute walk or a short taxi($7-10) ride away. The hotel restaurant Otto is very good and reasonably priced for hotel restaurants. We recommend it. We would definetly stay their again.	
Aug 8 2006 	Fantastic stay!!!	Just returned from a weekend stay at the W Montreal with a bunch of friends. I can honestly say there were no negatives/issues during our stay. Staff was very friendly and helpful, the hotel is super sexy/trendy and the concierge was very helpful.I would have to disagree with a previous review of the room size. We stayed in a double room and it was plenty big. The beds and pillows were wonderful and the bathroom had a great shower and tub!I would highly suggest staying here on your next trip to Montreal!	
Jul 18 2006	W Montreal	Recently stayed at the W in Montreal for 5 nights, and the experience was not the greatest but it was very pleasant and I would recommend it highly. Service was prompt and courteous. The full staff would always greet or wave a friendly hello whenever we walked through the lobby. During our stay we were able to enjoy most of the facilities:Restaurant - Otto - very good, but a bit pricey. We dined there twice without any regrets. Spa - Away Spa - seems like an after thought, more like a day spa. No shower or steam room facilities. My therapy was satisfactory but my wife was very disappointed with her massage. Gym - small, with 3 aerobic and 2 nautilus machines. A rack of free weights is provided. More than 5 people would feel crowded. The rooms are adequate, but it definitely has a young touch. The hallways and rooms are darkly lit, but the feel is more of a calming instead of a threatening vibe. Showers are see-through from the bedroom, and there is no way to cover up, so if you are not comfortable seeing your roommate shower this definitely is not the place for you. The hotel itself is centrally located, a few blocks from Old Montreal and a few blocks away from the shopping on Ste.Catherine's. It is connected to the underground and subway is right across from the entrance of the hotel.Had a bit of a dispute with the final check when using a coupon, but after 2 days the problem was resolved with a personal e-mail from the manager.	
Jul 17 2006	Great Hotel - not for everyone but great none the less!	We stayed at the W for our first trip to Montreal the first week of July and couldn't have been any happier with our choice. The W Montreal is all you could want from a sleak modern hotel. First the Good: The staff is absolutely tremendous. They pull the ever difficult trick of being trendy with out being pretentious or snobby. In fact, they are the exact opposite. Every single person on the staff was very friendly (w/o coming off as fake), greeted us coming and going and didn't hesistate to help with anything we needed. The concierges (both Daniel and Marielle) were great with giving us directions, restaurant options, and things to do/see around the city. Bellman were also great with hailing taxis and making us feel very comfortable. Definetly get a pampered feel here. Now to the property itself: It is what you would expect from a W. Nice bar downstairs (although a bit small). They had parties going on Saturday and Wed and had the velvet ropes out but we never felt like it was intrusive. We stayed on the third floor and didn't hear any noise at all. Theres also a more wide open bar on the second floor that plays the same music as downstairs but at lower decibels. Good spot if you want to take a more low key approach or meet someone downstairs and want to take it down a notch. Rooms are very small. Nicely appointed and the bathrooms really make it. Very sexy feel. Again very sleek. Location: Easy walk to old Montreal and all of the touristy sites including the Notre Dame church which is not to be missed. Also very nicely situated across the street from the metro. Montreal's metro is very easy to use as there are only a couple of color coded lines. 10 minute ride to the Plateau section of the City. Now the not so good (much smaller list):The hotel is extremely dimly lit especially the rooms. I know this adds to the look/feel but rooms could have used a little bit more light. Our window faced another building so we kept the drapes closed most of the day. It felt like being in a tomb. You seriously had no idea what time of day it was. Of course, this could be a plus too if you are partying all night and want to sleep all day. As I mentioned the rooms are very small. There seriously isn't much room on either side of the bed. Small even for NYC standards...Valet parking is $37.50 a night. The service was very good but this is a bit much. As another reviewer remarked, $37 is acceptable for NYC but to much for Montreal.Outside of that things were great. Would definetely recommend the hotel to singles, couples and everyone looking to have a good time at a great hotel.	
Jul 17 2006	Sexy sexy sexy	Really enjoyed our 3 day stay at the W Montreal. The service was amazing and very professional. The atmosphere, the room's decor and the very translucent shower was very sexy and perfect for a couple trying to get away.Good job W!	
Jul 10 2006	Cool hotel; terrific staff!	My husband and I just returned from our stay at the W in Montreal. Fabulous experience. The young, hip staff could not have been any nicer or more accommodating. Upon arrival, we were literally whisked into the lobby and offered a complimentary drink before we even checked in. My husband managed to gobble some of the &quot;Wow&quot; cookies from the nearby hospitality table in the lobby at the same time. Very fun, swanky digs that are every bit as nice as the website photos. Oh-so-comfy king-size bed with plush linens and faux fur duvet, more-than-ample closet space, big screen TV, loaded (but really pricey) minibar, CD player, fluffy robes and a nice arrangement of Bliss Spa soap products in the room. OK, the shower alone may be worth the price. Super-large showerhead in long, glass-enclosed area. I nearly didn't leave it. The concierge was tremendously helpful with restaurant suggestions and the bellman achieved a landspeed record in hailing cabs for us. My only two critiques: 1. While staff will glady take care of every need you have, the hotel doesn't have a gift/sundries store in the lobby where you can run down and pick up a few items yourself. 2. A good restaurant guide in the room would be helpful when you don't want to go the concierge route for every meal.	
Jul 6 2006	Superb hotel but the visually impaired will have difficulties here	Just got back from my first stay at the W Hotel in Montreal. As a Starwood Platinum customer, I normally stay at the Sheraton downtown just off Rene Levesque, but the spectacularly superb location of the W near Old Montreal made this worth trying.It's a great hotel, but there are two major caveats that you need to know before booking there:First, if you have any sort of visual handicap, DO NOT stay here. The low lighting in the lobby, the elevator and the halls on the room floors is brutally low. It's part of the W chain's &quot;look&quot;, and that's fine. However, I didn't know that until I got there, and my wife is visually handicapped after diabetic retinopathy laser treatments to her eyes over the years, and the result is that low-light situations essentially render her completely blind. (She can't drive at dusk or at nite, for instance). The entrance to the lobby is comprise of black marble steps, and there's no handicap access in the front door. I had to guide my wife into the hotel very carefully so she wouldn't hurt herself by tripping on the steps.Second, the noise from the &quot;Wunderbar&quot; night club just off the lobby is brutal. We were on the 5th floor and could still hear it, though thankfully it was muted by the white noise of the air conditioning. I'd guess that anyone on a lower floor would really have a problem with that thundering bass from the club sound system.On the up side, the food was outstanding, the bed was incredibly luxurious (although I could have done without the faux fur blanket....in fact all of the room furnishings were so retro-high tech and retro-stylistic I felt like I was on the 1967 version of the Starship Enterprise with Captain Kirk, except that the cheesy blanket suggested Kirk and I and a Romulan were there to make an outer space porn film).The staff was probably more helpful than any hotel staff I've encountered in recent memory.Strange hotel. Part of me really liked it, but part of me said I need to be 25 years younger to fully appreciate it. Your mileage may vary.	
Jun 22 2006	Tre chic	Stayed there on weekends, but might be during off season (June). No sound problem, and the whole city seems very quiet. Was upgraded to Mega room. Very spaciious, funky bathroom. Highly recommended for young couples.Pros -Check in / out very efficiently. Concierge very helpful and friendly.Metro entrance in the basement.Love the rain shower.On the edge of Old Montreal, walking distance to some nice cafes. Bartini - very small bar, kinda cute. But on the other hand, you're face to face with the bartender in a closet. Cons -Not close to shopping area. Kinda quiet during weekends.Wunderbar - all tables must be reserved in advanced Wed - Sat. Even when there is NOBODY in the bar. Stools at the bar were removed when we're there. Bathroom amenities - no shower cap, shampoo bottles are way too small.Missed the maid service once, had to call down. No biggie.Sink, too shallow. Not too functional, water got splashed all over the place. Sink fills up very quickly.No umbrella for guests to use. We were forced to buy the one in the minibar. CAN 23 dollars.	
Jun 15 2006 	Funky neat with some issues	Great hotel, funky rooms, ober cool people decor and location.Gym is nice, functional but tiny.WAY too much noise on the 4th floor from the night club IN the hotel, ask for a room on the 5th floor or higher.The charge for the valet park is out of conrol, $39/night is OK in NYC not Montreal.The people, are great and the place is everything you would expect from a W. Will stay there again, grumble about the valet park but pay it any way (they offered the New Yorker on the way out ... can't ask for more than that and my wife thought the guys were CUTE ... like that really helps me .. lol) but will ask for room on the 5th floor or higher.	
May 31 2006	Great looks but problems below the surface	Well located, looks great but...as previous reviewers warned:- Rooms on the 4th floor need more soundproofing. We didn't sleep a wink thanks to the endless pounding of the bass from the hotel nightclub. And no, we weren't warned about this when we checked in. - Our room was overheated and we couldn't get the thermostat to work. - $35/day for valet parking - come on!!All in all, a bad night's stay in a comfortable bed, in a stylish room.I do have to commend them on their customer service. I complained about the noise when we checked out the next day and they did comp us for the valet parking and our dinner at Otto's the night before. (Which I should point out was very good).	
May 26 2006 	Great atmosphere but be forewarned	I've stayed at this hotel on business a few times due to its close proximity to work. It most certainly exudes style, and for some reason I'm kind of hooked on it.Things you will enjoy:- Like many other reviews state the beds are very comfortable.- The bathrooms are large, fit for two and is very clean (and yes, the entire bathroom is exposed to your hotel room - but you can close those funky tuquoise curtains if you are shy) - The location is great for vacationers as it's on the edge of the old city. But no old world feel here - Euro chic only.- The restaurant food is quite good for both breakfast and dinner, service is rather slow.- It's a relatively new hotel, opened in early 2005 - so the hotel is in very good shape with no wear.Things to consider:- I've waited in line to check in and check out while seeing staff standing around. But of course they are standing around to create that uber cool image while speaking into the mini &quot;Madonna&quot; mikes that appear to be necessary to keep the place functioning.- Rooms on the 3rd floor are directly above the nightclub. I have first hand knowledge that you will hear muddled lyrics and the very distinct beat of dance music until 3am. I moved rooms at 2.30am in a fury, especially after being told that all guests put on the 3rd floor are advised of this. Hey, I'm there on business with early morning meetings - do you really think I would have accepted this upon checkin if I was actually advised?- It's not for families. It's perfect if you really want to be part of that scene where black slim clothes are de rigeur and the hotel public spaces are very dim with mood lighting.So I know what I'm getting, I like the food and I know to insist on a room on floor 4 or higher, and I'll be back.	
May 5 2006 	cleaning details missing and overcharged my credit card but cool place	The hotel is really nice and it was my second stay here. One of the nicest W in North America and the restaurant is fantastic! 'one of the best. Bed is comfortable and furnishings unique. Water pressure in shower a bit low but otherwise nice bed. I noticed the black washroom had pee stains beside the toilet and spunk marks on the side of the wall that had never been washed off. The rooms are so dim that you never see the dirt or the lack of cleaning that occurrs. It is a cool environment. Service is a bit lacking. There is noise from the bar below and light from building next door is hard to block out. We did not get our soaps or shampoos replaced or new towels for our second day and had to request these. We asked three times for cream for our coffees but never recieved it so we gave up. I had pre-paid on line at the starwood W hotel site for the two nights but when i arrived, they did not find a record of this pre-payment and I told them not to charge my credit card and had a long discussion regarding this. They told me they were taking the card to preauthorize any room charges and incidentals only and would not charge my card. Sure enough when I got home, I was charge again for extra money in addition for the two nights i had prepaid and the W hotel did not have a record of the extra money that was charged to me credit card. They were nice enough on the phone but their accounting department has been closed due to the time change so I have spent the last few days trying to get this resolved and to get my card credited back. I am sure that this will get resolved but it is quite inconvenient to have to had had this happen.	
Apr 17 2006	It was okay - Best Concierge around	I recently stayed for the weekend at the W Montreal. Here is the low down:1.Rooms are very simplistic and high tech.2.The sinks are not really functional as they are only about 3 inches deep.3.Best shower I have ever taken (Rainfall style)4.The bar is hopping however, it is for people in the age range of about 18 – 205.The Concierge is amazing6.The service at the hotel is pretty good7.The lobby is cozy8.Loved the coffee and cookies during the day at reception9.Great walking location close to everythingI really have no idea if I would stay there again.	
Apr 3 2006	Incredible Experience	The most fantastic hotel I've ever stayed in. The service is perfect, the rooms are huge (we had the &quot;spectacular&quot; room ~ HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!!), the room service food was delicious, and the &quot;Wunderbar&quot; lounge/bar/club was an awesome way to end the night.I wouldn't stay anywhere else in Montreal. This place is PERFECT.	
Mar 27 2006	fabulous hotel - but you pay for it	The W Montreal is a terrific hotel. The rooms are very comfortable but limited space - even in our $359/night mega room. The bathrooms are spectacular unto themselves with bathrobes for 2 and high end bath products, but the see-through showers even with the translucent curtain drawn limit your roomate options. It is great for couples, and adequate for business travellers but I wouldn't recommend it for families. The Wunderbar was hyped as the &quot;it&quot; place but didn't exceed expectations, and the restaurant had great service, delicious food and an extensive wine list but you are looking at ~$250 at least for 2 people. The in-house spa is a nice touch too. In terms of the staff we were treated well 95% of the time, although upon checking in the front desk attendant really only told us our room number and the policy for checking out early - which is never a good sign - but from then on no complaints. Overall for young couples with a big budget you can do no better than the W, for everyone else there are probably better choices.	
Mar 24 2006 	Unique design average service	Just returned from Montreal . I stayed at the W for two nights.This hotel has a very unique approach to the hospitality industry. Ultra modern design, very young staff and it prides itself for its Euro - chic style.Location: Downtown Montreal, easy access to all major commercial, retail areas.Rooms: Very comfortable beds, modern design and well appointed if you appreciatte the style.Service: A major let down. The staff is young and very beautiful / handsome people, but it stops there.My room cleaning service was below average and the serice in the Hotel restaurant was terrible, in spite of its high priced menu.If you are looking for a not chain like (although they are part of Starwood hotels) this may be of interest to you. As a business person, I am more interested in substance than appearence. This hotel would not be my first choice for a business trip to Montreal.	
Feb 28 2006 	Very.... Unique... A Great bed!!!	I stayed at the W Montreal for 2 nights on business. This is not the place i would have chosen myself, so it was very nice to experience something else, on someone elses dollar.The Hotel has a great lobby which is in line with the type of thing you will find in your room... very... unique! It was a great first impression, and fortunately overshadowed the poor service i received during check-in. I arrived at the hotel at approximately 10:30pm and didn't get checked in until about 10:45. Oddly enough there was only one person in front of me, but because there was only one person checking folks in and because the person ahead had all sorts of questions, I pretty much had to stand and wait my turn. The young man checking me in apologized when i walked to his counter, and promptly checked me in very quickly. There were two bouncers manning the door to the &quot;club&quot; attached to the lobby who were slow to move when i tried to pass them in order to access the elevator. I looked back as i passed to apologize as my bag got too close to one of the bouncers when i walked by. He was in the process of giving me a dirty look which he did not think i would see. FORTUNATELY, the uniqueness of the room quickly made me forget about the lobby experience!! I opened the door to the room and i was very suprised at the pleasantness of what i found. I was greeted by the sounds of a CD which i guess they have playing for each guest, and i began exploring the room. The bed was absolutely amazing and facilitated 2 excellent nights of sleep! Once i figured out that i could seperate the open concept bathroom from the beds by pulling the curtain closed I began to wind down for the night.UNFORTUNATELY, the second night was party night and the music playing from outside the hotel made it very hard to fall asleep. Good thing the bed was so good that it made up for the hour of lost sleep, listening to a song i didn't quite understand.... :-)The room was amazing!! The service i received was second rate... but perhaps i was an exception!Please feel free to drop me not if you have any questions.	
Feb 9 2006	Watch your Hotel Bill!!!! Stay was Horrible	Okay, I am an avid traveller for business and pleasure, Never have i been so ANNOYED with a hotel. First, the 3 days i stayed there, two of the days there was a fire alarm...Second, no joke,it took about 10 minutes to get hot water running through the taps. I would have to let the shower run for at least 10 minutes before it actually got hot.Lastly, the most frustrating was when i checked, luckily i checked the bill, there was a $50 dollar charge for the minibar which i did not use. they reversed it.However, about two weeks after i checked out i recieved another bill stating that expenses were incurred after i checked out and charged my credit card $580.00 dollars again for mini bar charges........ the whole mini bar would not even equate to the amount. secondly when i called to complain and get the charges reversed, on hold forever, and when i left messages no one called back.it's a nice hotel but don't believe the HYPE.... there are way better hotels in Montreal and in wayyyyy better locations.	
Feb 7 2006	Follow the advice of others...	We stayed here in the first week of January and having read other travellers comments I booked in with a few particular requests. I asked for a room with a bath which they only have a few of, and I had to have twin beds instead of the king. The bath was modern, very comfortable and built for two, not that I shared! The room was very comfortable, and as ever the bed first class. The room price whilst not cheap (I am a Starwood card holder) was competitive. What i found very impressive was that the staff all seemed to enjoy their jobs. A few minor things irritated me (such as the free paper not arriving even when i requested it, they went out and bought one!) but their attitude was 100% customer focused. Our friends found their rain shower to lack force and the large clear &quot;see through&quot; shower room wall (a sight indeed from the bed!) was a bit of a disappointment. More style over substance.I would go back but like any hotel if you get a crowd of night owls in, the corridors could echo the noise.The weekend we were there we slept very well. Whilst the garaging had to be paid for (not an unreasonable charge for a city location) the valet driver was very efficient and deserved his tip!For dinner get a taxi to Le Petit Extra, where we had an excellent meal (sweetbreads yum yum) and their wine list was most impressive and reasonable for a middle range priced resturant.	
Feb 1 2006	Cannot Wait to Visit Again - Uber cool!	The stay was exquisite. The staff was attentive, courteous and always helpful. At a time when exceeding guest expectations and treating guests to a special experience is seemingly becoming an archaic consideration of scant importance - the W Hotel in Montreal stands out. From the level of service, presentation, room finishings and attention to detail; everything was phenomenal.I have resolved to seek out W whenever I travel in the future, whenever possible.	
Jan 24 2006	Can I move in?	This was the most enjoyable experience I've ever had in a hotel, anywhere in the world. Gorgeous space, unbelievably accomodating, considerate service, fabulous amenities. The staff here make what is a beautiful hotel an incomprable one.	
Jan 20 2006	Fabulous!	We just returned from a long weekend at the W Montreal. It was great! The hotel has been open for about a year, and they appear to have worked out any opening glitches that other reviews suggest.The service was top notch, and the location was convenient. (You can get on the metro without having to go outside.) The design was modern yet comfortable, especially the beds. The rooms are quiet. There were people staying in the rooms next to us, but we had to be in the hallway to hear any signs of life. As other reviews noted, the bathroom showers have a glass wall. We loved it, but people who are very privacy conscious should get their own room. The hotel has a really cool bar that attracts lots of non-guests who are looking to see and be seen. It really gets hopping after 11:00 pm, so you may want to request a room that isn't directly above the bar.I highly recommend this hotel.	
Jan 5 2006	W - Not the best W but VERY NICE!	I am a platinum member w/ starwood for years…so my room was upgraded…it wasn’t a suite, but large enough for two. The beds were clean and super comfortable w/ lots of pillows. The shower, yep, a see through, was swanky enough, but lack the water pressure. Other than that, the hotel was an exciting place to stay. A good bar on the first floor. Stay here if you are young and ready for some fun in a EU-like city. The down side is that you will have to pay $15 to park ($30 for valet).	
Dec 11 2005	There are much better - try Lowes	I ordered a non smoking room. I have chronic sinusitis so often have no sense of smell. I double checked when I got there to be sure the room was non smoking. A non smoking room wasn't available so I had to come back a few hours later. Then, dispensing with the front desk banter, I went to the room and crashed. Only to die later. There were ashtrays everywhere, Solution? I checked out and went to the Vogue. No racket, no fuss, no complaints. I will simply never go back there.Rooms are tiny and overpriced ... greatly overpriced for what you get. A see through shower ...like wow ...	
Dec 10 2005 	It was fun!	This was my first stay at a W Hotel and I have to say I enjoyed it. The hotel was certainly stylish and had flair, the staff was attentive, and the bed was very comfortable. Food was good but not great.This hotel is well-suited to the young and hip, to couples, or to business people traveling alone. The dim lighting, nightclub-like atmosphere, and ever-present urban/techno music would likely be a turn-off to older people (e.g. my parents or grandparents) or those with vision impairments. I found it was difficult to fully illuminate the room without turning on every last light.My room had a glass wall shower so that there the person showering could see and be seen by others in the room (at the Priceville Hotel in Kauai, Hawaii the glass shower can be turned opaque on an as-needed basis, and I don't know W Montreal doesn't have a similar set-up). The bottom line is, be certain that everyone in the room is OK taking a shower in front of others staying in the same room.Overall a good experience -- I would stay there again.	
Dec 8 2005 	W NOT for Wow...	My recent stay at the W was one of the Worse I've had. Our $299 room exuded no feelings of intimacy or warmth with its gloomy lighting, drab blue and brown colour combos and a dirty washroom separated from the bed by only by a blue curtain. The 'rain' shower with its low pressure felt like you were only being dripped on. As for the bathtub, after filling it up and hopping in, I was HORRIFIED to find that the sides had not been wiped down! I did complain to the front desk only to receive an insincere apology accompanied with pretentious attitude stemming from ‘trying too hard to be hip’. The bathroom floors had ‘hairs’ and nail clippings that were not cleaned up for the three days we were there. The lighting is super dim and there are no controls to brighten the place up for the evenings.During one of the mornings, we ordered a carafe of coffee. They only brought ONE cup. After mentioning that to the front desk they made me feel it was my fault for not asking for two cups even though two adults were registered for that room. The overpriced coffee itself was barely drinkable. For breakfast we tried the restaurant downstairs. On one of our plates we had asked to substitute the ham for bacon. They forgot to do so and later brought our bacon and charged us for both. Meanwhile a group of four near to our table waited over 30 minutes for their breakfast that never came. They left distraught!!On one particular morning I did a lot of work in my room. In a rush to have a bite to eat and get to my next appointment, I went down to the restaurant (around 11:15am)only to find that they were not going to serve food for at least the next 15 minutes! As a result I quickly went back to the room, dressed for the freezing cold weather and found myself a restaurant up the street. What type of hotel restaurant that is open all day does not serve food at certain hours? GAWD!I will warrant I will NEVER stay at this dump again! As a result I have switched over to the Sofitel for the next week or so and am greatly enjoying my stay here!!!	
Nov 26 2005	Fun Stay at the W	Stayed at the W for 2 nights in Oct/05. We've been to Montreal many times before, and were basically in town to eat out, club, and have drinks with friends ... basically, not doing much in the hotel itself except for sleeping. We got a deal online at $199 CDN for each of the two nights, so we figured we would try out the W.Our room was not exactly the &quot;peek-a-boo&quot; bathroom I've heard described before - there was a bathroom door, but the shower wall was glass and faced into the bedroom. We found this to be ... uh... fine by us, but no good for families or friends travelling together. If it really was a concern, we discovered that by turning on the room lights, and not the bathroom light, it wasn't too see-through. :)The bed was super-comfortable ... king-sized and feather topped, it was quite nice to sleep in. Lovely bedding and pillows too.As for some of the other concerns ... yes, I found the hallways to be slightly dark, and the elevator music slightly loud, but no I didn't find the staff to be rude or unfriendly. They treated us very well the whole time we were there. In addition, I should mention that when I got home, I discovered an additional $5 charge on my Mastercard for minibar items that we never consumed. All it took was one email, and it was corrected immediately, along with an apology email being sent. Definitely speaks to the quality of their customer service.Would I stay again? Probably not for the $400 I'm being quoted now for my next trip to Montreal ... but if I could get it at $250 or less I'd be back in a flash.	
Nov 16 2005	w is for wonky	one star and that's flattering, hotel ----- the big one. service is non existant, rooms are cold feeling and lack any type of humanity, the front desk staff are beyond stupid and the wonderbar is wonderless, felt like i was at a bad airport lounge, if you need to stay here do yourself a favour and don't ... even the food is beyond abismal, inward looking rooms make you feel like a caged animal, Montreal can do so much better.	
Nov 9 2005	Trendy trendy!	Ok, if you don't need walls in your bathroom, it'll be fine.My husband was mortified that the bathroom didn't have a wall, but was completely open into the bedroom. There is a door on the toilet, and then a curtain seperating the bedroom from the bath area. Other than that our friend had only one window in his Wonderful room which was on an inside courtyard that faced a business building. He felt he was in a tomb.And that's what it did feel like. Never an ounce of sun.Our room was big and faced the front of the building, so quite nice. The spa was absolutly wonderful and the masusse was a gem! I went back 2 days in a row, plus a really great facial. The bar is trendy and fun, like you would expect.It's cool, but watch out that you get a view on the park (as they say). Plus you're right next to the historical area, which is nice.	
Oct 31 2005	Nice Staff Hotel Just Fair	Wonderful staff, but because of trying to be too hip, this Hotel falls short.Fancy &quot;mood&quot; lighting in the room was the worst I've ever experienced in travels all over the World. Could barely see in the bathroom and the room itself was not too much better. By the way, the bathroom was separated by a curtain, no door and the towels had no nap whatsoever.The &quot;mood&quot; music all over the Hotel was too loud (even in the elevators).I'm not a complainer, just reporting my observations. As I said, however, extremely nice, courteous staff. I personally would not recommend this Hotel.	
Sep 17 2005 	Great place if you like design and a trendy urban location	W Hotels in general are for those who like interior design, lounging, staying at a trendy location - and willing to pay for that. The one in Montréal is a good example: great design, colours, style, furniture, small detail, public spaces etc - really nice and unique. The room was great and more than suitable for a longer stay. Great attention to all details. Staff at the reception was very friendly but at times not really able to cope with the cue of people waiting to be serviced. The internet connection in the rooms is overpriced (20-25 CAD) and not even very fast. All in all a great place to be and definitely a good occasion to try and live in modern, urban surroundings - before you consider redecorating your own home!	
Sep 5 2005	Wonderful!	Wow, I'm not sure why there have been recent bad reviews. I just returned today, and everything was perfect. I've had recent bad experiences with Starwood hotels, so I was a bit skeptical. But everything was impeccable. We checked in a little early and were told we'd have to check our luggage. We were given free cocktails and an upgrade to a &quot;mega&quot; room as an apology. (I will note that I used Starpoints for this stay, so I was afraid the room and service might be bad because it was free -- I was wrong!) The room was spacious and clean. The decor is probably the trendiest I've seen in a W. The bathroom was enormous, and the sink, bathtub, and shower were ultra-modern. I will note that the bathroom is a &quot;peek-a-boo&quot; style, so if you are traveling with someone you don't know well, choose another room type. There is little privacy, as the bathroom &quot;door&quot; is a large blue silk curtain. The staff was friendly and professional. The bartender was nice, and the Wunderbar was really popular. The gym was on the small side but well equiped with treadmills, ellipticals, bikes, stairmasters, and free weights. The equipment all had LCD TVs (bring your own earphones). The location is very convenient, and everything is in reasonable walking distance. The metro stop is also adjacent to the hotel. This was the first time I've stayed at a Starwood hotel where the staff actually &quot;fixed&quot; the goof (room not available immediately -- which was not a big deal, anyway) without me having to say something. They also gave us 4:00 p.m. late checkout. All in all, this would normally qualify as a 4-star hotel, but I give it 5 stars for the flawless service and quality rooms. I would definitely stay here again and plan to do so.	
Aug 23 2005	It's a cool place including the cold service	I recently stayed at the W hotel for only 1 of my 5 scheduled nights. Let me start the summary by saying that I was not a full rate paying guest. Regardless of the fact, I had planned to stay at the W with my sister to show her the stylish and young side of Montreal. We arrived early and had requested an early check-in, the front desk agent hurried a room clean only to discover that she had requested the wrong room. That was just the start of many more troubles.I have stayed at the W Seattle before and had been treated very well so I expected that the service and hospitality would be the same. Instead, I believe that their layers of front desk errors caused them to be quite embarrassed and triggered quite a mean and unprofessional streak.They claimed that the reservation was fraudulent and I would have to pay the advertised rate or stay elsewhere. This came only after me pointing out that my upgrades had not been noted and that several other issues. Once the Executive assistant calmly and patiently explained the error we were able to reach a suitable alternative. Hours later I received another call and was told that we still could not stay under the existing reservation.A long story short, we spent more time debating with the staff then enjoying our trip.Regardless of their back office policies, I was bending over backwards to fix the error and when some staff attempted to do the same the HR Director sharply told me that it was a waste of their time. The rooms are cool and have contemporary styling and unique upgrades, however, there is no view but of a neighbouring atrium and building, and the amenities within the room are lacking. Request to stay in the parkside suites. You will find the reviews are mixed on this site, and I honestly believe that it depends if you appear to fit the &quot;W&quot; type, and are as pretentious and rude as their staff are. Please note that Hugo and the concierge Marie? are extremely helpful and exactly what I had hoped the service would be like from the rest of the staff.I have contacted the General Manager about the incident and am hoping for a professional resolution to this terrible experience. When I do hear back I will let you know the outcome.This hotel is suitable for the type that will not have any interaction with the staff except for those above that I mentioned. The W hotel is supposed to be a service business. I think it is a complete waste of time to spend money at a place where the service and treatment is completely uncomfortable than to stay at a generic hotel and have top of the line service. The W Montreal needs to review their customer service policies and find more professional and quality ways of dealing with their customers.	
Aug 19 2005	Impeccable service and style	The look is modern and &quot;lounge-like.&quot; The staff and service is incredible at this hotel. Great location.	
Aug 9 2005	Beware the Montreal W	Well there were some highs and some lows:Highs:the roomsdecorbathroomsromanticLows:price of everything (rooms, mini bar, movies, food...)LOUD music coming from Atrium side at night (please book on the park side)no coffee in roomsWill try another boutique hotel recommended by users in Montreal.	
Aug 3 2005	W is for WOW WONDERFUL WICKED	Like everyone says, we got an upgrade upon arrival. As soon as you enter the hotel it is both stunningly beautiful and modern. Usually you would think that someplace like this, could possibly have pretentious staff, but they were the complete opposite, very welcoming with polite smiles and conversation, that make you feel comfortable. You will feel safe with good security, you have to swipe so impressed by the elevator and hallway (that has psychedelic star trek type lights on the walls lol) before we even got to our room; and we have stayed at some top quality Hotels, from Miami to New York. Then you get to your room and wow, its amazing, exactly like to pictures but better, which is funny because sometimes Hotels have nice pictures and then you get there and its not as nice, well the rooms were BETTER! in person. Loved the sexy see through blue glass shower (thumbs up):):) Clean, comfortable, modern. Even the kool carpet is stylish lol. Neat extra's like Oxygen and wine all ready in the room. Then there's the bar downstairs, super kool design with (5 star) bar staff. Basically they deserve a thank you from their boss, THAT's how good they are. Intentive to the guests and very kind. The place was a blast on a Sunday night. Amazing DJ, playing everything from Chemical Brothers to White Stripes, and the crowd rocked because they were fun and were there to party. Great drinks, great service. I mean we ran out of ciggarettes, so the bar tender gave us his pack and said have as many as you like, but save me one. Just really really nice people. Let's just put it this way, the worst room in the W is better than the best in others. I've stayed in a Suite in the Ritz Carleton in Montreal which has a dinning area that is huge with high ceiling in the room, nice bathroom and all, it was incredible, but I'd still pick the W over that one. I've stayed at the Queen Elizabeth suite in Montreal that was like three rooms connected, with its own little front hall, annnnd I'd still go to the W next time again.You can't go wrong with the W.	
Jul 30 2005	Loved the W	Stayed at W Montreal for 4 nights. Outstanding service, great design and dreamy bed. Would love to stat there again.	
Jul 29 2005 	The most fantastic hotel ever	I stayed at the W hotel for 5 days it was fantastic, from the rooms to the beds to the resteraunt OTTO for breakfast it just made my holiday fantastic and the staff were amazing too - thank you!	
Jul 14 2005	a fantastic room	We are a family of 4 (2 children aged 9 and 11). W proposed a spectacular (that's the name of the room) with 2 queensize beds with park view (the other side is depressing, facing another building just meters away). Huge room, great design, stunning beds, surprising little niches by the three windows to overlook the life in the city while reading, fantastic couch. A very special experience at reasonable price. Honestly, one of the best room we ever stayed in a design hotel and we did many worldwide. Staff is very friendly and professional.Comments on points to improve: not enough water pressure in the beautiful shower, the cascade feeling fades away / toilet paper so thin it makes you laugh / AC in the room making clicks every 30 seconds, annoying to fall asleep / staff at the entrance of the hotel more bouncer like for night clubs than for hotels (still friendly and smiling)/ inexisting sheets turndown and towel change service/ strong noise when you open the water evacuation of the bathtub/ a bit more light in the beautiful lobby would not arm.As it is a recently open hotel, those small details, I'm sure, will be corrected.To summarize : GO TO W MONTREAL AND ENJOY THE STAY.	
Jul 12 2005	Hotel W Rocks!	We left for our trip earlier than anticipated and arrived in Montreal quite late (3 a.m.) The W staff allowed us to check in early at no extra charge, and then we ended up with a better room with a better view! Friendly and courteous staff at all hours; very accommodating. Good bar and restaurant in the hotel, hoppin' at night. A+++++++++++++++++	
Jul 11 2005	Great Service - Great Value	We recently stayed at the W Montreal during a vacation getaway. The service was outstanding. We got our room at a very reasonable price and were upgraded at check in. Although you would not think of the W chain as family oriented, we had a great stay with two small children. The entire staff was very friendly and sensitive to the childrens needs. One child got sick during the visit and the concierge did a great job of finding us a doctor and making an appointment for us. The entire staff from the front door to housekeeping did an outstanding job The location is very good, right on the edge of old Montreal with a metro stop out front in Victoria Square.This is a new hotel that is just establishing itself so value rates will probably decrease as it becomes as it builds clientele.If you are looking for a quaint Vieux Montreal botique hotel, this is not it. After all, its a W and follows the W modern format. However, if you are looking for a great hotel, that provides a different experience than a standard high end hotel, to support you during your business or vacation trip to Montreal, we highly recommend the W Montreal.Our entire visit was very positive.	
Jul 10 2005 	Excellent!!	What a hotel! We were welcomed by a friendly staff and they continued to exceed our expectations through out our stay. Our room was large with an open concept bathroom separated by an iridescent blue curtain, the bed was truly Heavenly! Our only critique is the room needs more light, my wife found it difficult to apply her makeup. Otto the on site restaurant was great, an Italian fusion of flavors. When we return to Montreal the W will be our home.	
May 18 2005	Save your money and stay elsewhere!	I looked forward to giving 2005 a fresh start (since 04 had been personally a bad one). So, I clicked my way to what I thought was a New Year's Eve &quot;bargain&quot; at this W and cashed in points for an additional one-night’s stay.Even with the compensated night, I found the W- Montreal extremely over-priced, obnoxiously pretentious and a huge disappointment. Yes, the room was new and sleek, but the vibe of the entire place is anything but what I experienced the last time I spent New Year's in Montreal (at LeGermain).There are placards in the rooms championing whatever/wherever. What they don't tell you is that it will cost you dearly. There is no continental breakfast or even a set-up in the room to make coffee (which is standard in other W's).The killer for me was their self-proclaimed New Years Eve party. For $55 plus tax, it was stated in all of their advertising that there would be food and champagne. The staff at the place hyped this non-event as the epicenter of hip revelry for 2005. They went through the trouble of segregating people by armbands (so that $55 payees would not mingle with Wunderbar payees) and hired lots of beefy bouncers for “crowd control”. Instead, you got a balloon along with miniscule bites of raw shellfish that were distributed once an hour, and one glass of cheap sparkling wine! There were more hotel staff at the “party” than patrons. It was miserable.In fact, I un-enjoyed my stay at the W so much that I it has shied me away from future stays at any W.	
May 3 2005 	Great choice for the trendiest taste.	I stayed in the W Montreal for 5 nights, I'm a W Hotels regular, and I can tell you this W is great, the staff is extreme friendly, young beautiful people that give great effort to pamper you.My room was a standard room, is not big at all but very organized, feathered bed, Tv and DVD not to mention that you can see whe whole shower from the bed, So I watched my girlfriend all the time.The location was just in the middle, 4 blocks to st. catherine and almost the same distance from Old Montreal and barely 5 minutes walk from the convention center.If you lack of taste and you are not young or trendy don't stay here.The WUNDERBAR is one of the hot spots in Montreal.	
Apr 26 2005 	exceeded my high expectations	As a business traveller I often stay at many of the W properties. Currently staying at the W Union Square for the past 4 months. I have to say that W Montreal is probably my favorite. Exceptional room accents and overall fantastic room. I highly recommend the W Montreal, especially those looking for an exceptional boutique hotel.	
Apr 21 2005 	Awesome hotel for the younger crowd!!		
Mar 24 2005	Wonderful Stay		
Mar 23 2005	W A Big Disappointment		
Mar 15 2005 	Enjoyed the W		
Feb 9 2005	W montreal - not worth the price		
Jan 23 2005	The locals will leave this place to the tourists		
Jan 15 2005	One of the Best Hotels in Montreal		
Dec 27 2004	Other W Hotels Listen Up		
Nov 9 2004	Excelent		
Oct 23 2004	Wow!!!! Amazing!!!!		
Oct 19 2009 	Impressionnant		
Sep 30 2009 	W Hotel impeccable comme toujours		
Sep 16 2009 	Wow trop cool		
Aug 21 2009 	Attraente		
Jul 21 2009 	W Montreal L’Éveil des sens		
May 9 2009 	Bof		
Sep 22 2008 	Génial		
Sep 17 2008 	??????		
Aug 29 2008 	W...onderful !		
Dec 11 2007	Superbe hotel design 		
