Nov 24 2009 	Do not stay here!	We stayed there on a free Priority Club night and it was terrible! I booked it, rather than the downtown location, because I was able to book a club floor which also has access to a lounge. We checked in only a little bit early, and since our room wasn't ready, they decided to gave us a different room - on the 17th floor (Wish I had said I'd wait for ours, and found out what the original room would have been like). There is no way it was recently renovated. It had very tired looking furniture and peeling wallpaper. This room was like a cheap university residence room-- and the bed had a very hard, old, thin, cheap mattress. Nothing was mentioned about the so-called &quot;benefits&quot; of a club floor when I checked in except that she confirmed it would be quiet because it was a club floor. It was the worst night I've ever spent in a hotel. If this floor is quiet, what are the rest like? The windows don't muffle the traffic noise./sirens. You can hear every toilet around you flushing and every door slamming when people come in for the night - I didn't sleep until 3:45 am! In the morning, I called to ask where the lounge was, and was told that there would be coffee, pastry, and fruit...we went up at about 8:30 am and there was nothing there besides a coffee machine! We bought breakfast in the restaurant on the main floor, which was the only good thing about this hotel. Believe the other reviewers when they say it's noisy - even if you are a sound sleeper, you'll regret booking it! Save yourself from a bad night - book something else! Did I get a bad room because it was a free night? I've got to wonder....	
Nov 23 2009 	OK hotel nice Concierge	My husband and I, and two friends, spent 2 nights here a couple of days ago. The location is in a busy spot, right near McGill University, and walking distance from the Musee de Beaux Arts. The parking is rather expensive, at $19.95 per night, but we had to park the car somewhere, so we went for it. Our room rate was a reasonable $106 plus taxes for Friday, and it went up to $111 on Saturday, for some reason. We got a free upgrade to a controlled-access 18th floor room and that was a good thing. It was very quiet up there. Our friends were down on the 7th with mobs of high school kids on sports teams, bands, and fashion shows, and got no sleep whatsoever. This place seems to be the hotel of choice for low-budget groups. Anyway, our friends were woken up all night long by a big party across the hall. Finally the police came at 4:00 a.m. and broke it up.  The evening Concierge, Alex, was really helpful in pointing us towards the many bookstores in walking distance. He called ahead for closing times and saved us a lot of shoe leather.  Our room was large, and had a good city view. The floors and walls were not scrupulously clean, and the amenities were somewhat meager. For example, no tea, and not enough coffee nor cups. The bedding was very comfortable- duvet and padded mattress topper, and lots of pillows. There was only one desk chair, and a table with no chairs at all. We had free high speed wifi, which was a real plus. The room lighting was too dim, and not in the right places, so while I appreciated the free newspaper, it was too dark and uncomfortable to read it at night on the sofa. We received a voucher for free continental breakfast in the first floor restaurant, The waitstaff was very friendly and helpful, and the food was fine but not too plentiful. It might have been better to seek breakfast at the nearby Tim Horton's. This hotel was OK for the money, but next time we are here we'll probably look elsewhere.	
Nov 1 2009 	This hotel is mediocre - would have prefered to stay elsewhere	I just stayed at the Holiday Inn Montreal Midtown and I wasn't at all impressed. I booked through Hotwire, and our rate was good, but Hotwire classifies this hotel as 3.5 stars - and it doesn't meet that expectation in my opinion. Hotwire doesn't tell you where you are staying until you've booked - and when I found out I was staying at the Holiday Inn I wasn't sure what to expect - but considering they rated this hotel as a 3.5 star property, I figured it would be more than adequate for service and amenities. The lobby was nice, and the room was large and decent enough, but the noise filtering through from the hallway was the worst I've experienced in a hotel. You could hear the guests in the room below us every time they flushed their toilet. In room amenities consisted of one tiny bar of soap and a tiny bottle of shampoo. There wasn't even a hotel directory in the room. There was hair in our sheets, and my spouse cut his finger on a small piece of glass embedded in the bed cover. The parking situation was terrible. Being Halloween, we didn't want to park our vehicle on the street, so we used the hotel's parking facilities. Valet parking is mandatory at this hotel, which we weren't happy about, considering the risk of damages and us not having easy access to our vehicle. In the evening we had dinner reservations outside the hotel, and waited 25 minutes for valet to bring us our truck as the attendant was too busy parking cars for a wedding party that had arrived - it appeared we were at the bottom of the priority list. And we had tipped them well beforehand! The doorman wouldn't call down to find out what was causing the delay - he simply passed the phone over to us and had us call down to valet to inquire. Needless to say we were late for our reservation and were rather frustrated. In the morning the express check-out service was not working, so I had to stand in line at the front desk for what seemed like forever - since there was only one staff member working on a Sunday morning. I've stayed at the Delta Montreal next door a number of times and found it to be a much better hotel all around, for the same price. I wouldn't go back to the Holiday Inn Midtown if I could avoid it...I suspect this hotel is being managed by bean counters trying to cut costs in every possible way.	
Oct 10 2009 	good location - but difficult sleep	I actually have one night to go and writing a review before I leave. For those who know me, you know that the most important thing for me in a hotel other than location is the 'sleepability' of the hotel. Meaning, I don't care if the carpet is stained as long as I can sleep here and be comfortable. That being said, I have to start off with the worst thing about this hotel: the noise. As I lay in bed, I can hear the occupants on either side of me. I also hear the toilet's flushing, and as brash as it sounds, I can also hear people urinating into said toilets. It seems that the walls are made of a very thin material. In addition, one night I went to bed a bit earlier and heard vacumming at around 10pm which emulated a bizarre buzzing sound into my room. I also wonder what others could hear coming from my room. One morning I even tip toed around as I was up very early and didnt want to disturb my neighbours - how bizarre is that ? :)Therefore, I cannot recommend this hotel and would not stay here again. Sleep is very important to me, and on numerous occasions I would awake to a flushing toilet or someone coughing. One more thing, and this may also sound bizarre of me to say, but I think that room service is a little too punctual. Since I was here on leisure, I would sleep in until 9am and leisurely start my morning and had room service knocking on my door at 9:30am the first morning. Because of that, I used the 'do not disturb' sign every day until I was ready to leave the room. I've never really had to do that before until this hotel.Gee, this complaining stuff doesn't really sound like me, so below are some pros for the optimist in me!Some pros:location is good - close to downtown, metro, train station. lobby - has a coffee shop and a bar/restaurant if that is important to you wi-fi - works well here and easy to set up	
Oct 9 2009 	Nice Hotel	My stay at the hotel was much better than I expected. The room was very nice and clean. The lobby contained a restaurant and a cafe which was nice for early mornings. The only problem is that the rooms aren't as sound proof as I would've liked but other wise, great cheap stay.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Hotel	I usually stay at theHilton Garden Inn in Montreal but i saw the hotel last time i stayed in Montreal my wife and I decided to try to something new since the Hitlon is over price and the service is crappy....The Holiday Inn Midtown was such a delite from the way the staff is so polite and friendly....They upgraded me to their excutive levels we had a beautifull view of the city .... The swimming Pool is so huge for a hotel pool we where in shock.This is not your typical Holiday Inn , I am inquiring on how i would be able to change my points from Hitlon Honors, To this Priority card system that they are talking about.....I even saw staff from other Hotels with their name badge coming to their restaurent to eat...I can't wait to come back for New Year's......	
Oct 7 2009 	Poor value for money	This hotel seems to save as much as possible. The free coffee maker in the room only offers two coffee bags and no tea at all. I called the reception and they said tea is only available upon request. The &quot;free newspaper&quot; (Priority Club) is not delivered but has to be picked up from the reception desk. A coupon for a free drink means that you have to buy one and the second is then free... Bathroom on the 18th floor (Executive) was in poor condition (tiles, etc), bathroom ameneties were minimal (less than in some Holiday Inn Express places). It looks like the hotel aims at serving large groups with bulk sales and has given up the idea of attracting individual travellers. I travel a lot and use Holiday Inns at a level authorizing their platinum card, but there seem to have been too many bad experiences with Holiday Inns of late. Is the chain repositioning itself for a lower end market?	
Sep 18 2009 	Much better than expected!	My friends and I have chosen this hotel mostly for the price and were not expecting anything special. Actually, we were amazed by the good service that we received, especially at the front desk. The lady who registered us was nice enough to give us a nice room on the upper floor (corporate floor as they name it) without charging us for the upgrade. It started well. The room itself is cozy and we had a nice view of the Mont-Royal. We liked the express check-out, didn't have to pass by the front desk.Nice week-end overall and we can't wait to book another trip to Mtl and stay at the Holiday Inn!	
Sep 15 2009 	Very happy	The Holiday inn midtown is one of the best holiday inn's i have stayed in. The lobby is very nice and the valet parking and concierge are very friendly and helpful. There are a couple of rude receptionists but the majority of them are helpful and friendly. One receptionist in particular was very rude. The entrance to the hotel is very nice and makes you feel like you are in a more expensive hotel than you actually are. We booked through hotwire and got an extremely good rate for the 3 nights. Especially when we had just spent double the price on an awful hotel in toronto! We were touring around eastern canada and montreal was our favourite part. The hotel is in a great location and a 20 minute walk took you to old montreal with the ports and some classic dining. The hotel is about a 5 minute walk from st laurence boulevard which has many beautiful restaurants and bars, i would recommend going there one night for a nice meal. We only used the metro once in our whole stay and that was just to find the best part of the underground city (mcgill).The rooms were bright and clean with a full length window giving great views of the city. Unfortunately the pool was closed for 3 days when we were there but the gym is well equipped. We didnt arrive in montreal until 8pm so having the restaurant and bar right in the lobby was perfect for us. They serve good food and the bar is very nice.Overall i would recommend this hotel to anybody, especially if you get a good rate on it! You can however hear every flushing toilet on your corridor!	
Sep 9 2009 	Convienent but unhelpful and no service	After reading some of the reviews of the other guests, I was a little skeptical. I was expecting an old and dirty hotel... Thankfully that wasn't so, we drove into Montreal from Burlington, VT. Took about a 90 minute drive.... but we got to Montreal and hotel around 11:00 AM. They had a room available at that time. They checked us into Room 712. Right next to the elevator. We were worried that it would be too noisy, but it was fine. The showers were a little old. There were cracks in the wall and some mold on the grout, but if you weren't looking, you would be fine. We checked for bed bugs.... Thankfully, the beds were clean. As were the towels and linens. I felt comfortable sleeping. The location of this hotel is great. Within a block or two of the McGill Metro stop. Four blocks up from the Place des Arts and within walking distance of old montreal and Mont-Royal. The only complaint that I had was the front desk staff. They were un-friendly and not really helpful. You would be standing in front of the receptionist, with no one else around but you and it took her several minutes to acknowledge you. Most of the staff did not smile. There was never a concierge on site, but if you were to go to the receptionist for a recommendation for a dinner restaurant, all they could do was refer to the concierge, but the concierge would never show up. Upon check out, we valeted our car... our ticket was in our suitcase, so we needed to put our suitcase on the ground to dig for it, only to have the valet service say rudely.. go to P2.... If you don't like people ...maybe you really shouldn't be in the industry.I'd recommend staying here, only be prepared for no service.	
Sep 7 2009 	Don't pay full price	We received a 20% discount through an online booking system and received a decent price during Labor Day weekend. The location is good - near McGill University and St. Laurent restaurants/bars but about a 15-20 minute walk to Old Montreal. They gave us a top room on the 17th floor with a king size bed and a spectacular view. On the surface the hotel looks quite good - the lobby is nice as well as the decor. But the hotel is a bit old and has some structural issues. You can hear every sound in the hallways and upstairs, particularly slamming doors. Also, the shower tiles had some mildew and the curtain smelled moldy. The shower water temperature also vascillated between super-hot to super-cold and back again - all within a few seconds. Overall, I'd say this hotel is worth a stay if you receive a discounted price and are on a budget. But if you are looking for a more luxurious hotel, I'd spend a bit extra and try one of the other modern brands.	
Sep 6 2009 	Bed bugs !!!	We had a room on the 4th floor. Around 4am my husband wakes me up telling me he was itching all over his body. We open the lights, remove the sheets and noticed little blood stains on the mattress. My husband and I then switched beds. I put the big cover on the bed and slept on top. Suddenly I feel something crawling on my face. I open the lights and there they were....BED BUGS ! Called downstairs. They sent someone and she asked me to help her remove the mattress (I'm 70 !) to look at the headboard ( funny, she knew exactly were to look!) then I was asked if I had a sample of the ''bug''..... AS IF ! We were switched rooms the next day. What a discusting hotel and what bad service.	
Sep 5 2009 	Noisy doors	Heard every door slam on the 9th floor...my bathroom was the smallest in North America, and the door stuck (heard other similar complaints), no fan in bathroom....beds fine, nice pillows... restaurant food good, and reasonable prices.	
Aug 13 2009	I was pleased with my stay at the Holiday Inn	I had a pleasant experience at the Holiday Inn. I didn't spend a lot of time in my hotel room, so it definitely served it's purpose- it was a place I could return to after a long day of sightseeing for some good night's sleep in a cozy, clean bed :) I also had dinner with my mom at the restaurant in the lobby- great soups and good service.	
Aug 12 2009 	Average business hotel - reliable wifi	This hotel is OK if you are traveling on business. The rooms are large, the desk is good to work from there... but the free wifi is very unreliable. In this case, I much rather have a paid but good internet connection instead (but this is not available).	
Aug 11 2009 	Beware of the awful restaurant - Do not eat breakfast there!	The hotel itself is ok, However, the restaurant A &amp; G in the lobby which serves breakfast is a disgrace to the hotel and to Montreal scene. I've stayed in many hotels in downtown Mtl and never had I experienced such terrible, terrible food. Bad, awful, tasteless, foul coffee - horrible baked goods . Breakfast is a big disappointment, basically one should expect only a muffin, a yogurt and (did I mention) bad coffee. This is unacceptable in a city known for its gastronomy. First, it's not a buffet but an &quot;à la carte&quot; breakfast with about 5 items (bagel, muffin, yogurt, danish, fruits) of which you chose 2 . At 9 am we were told that they had already ran out of 2 items. I can't believe that the waiter made a point in mentioning that our coupons covered only the breakfast, not the service (meaning &quot;tips&quot;). I don't know if he noticed that we hardly touched our breakfast. I suggest that you pay for breakfast at the other small independently-run, coffee place in the lobby.  Also, Holiday Inn Select in Chinatown, which is only a few blocks away had a very good breakfast buffet and their rooms are about the same prices. For anybody, specially families, I recommend Le Gouverneur, not very far either. Awesome buffet breakfast with fine bakeries, lots of fruits and even more, including wonderful coffee.	
Jul 30 2009 	Great Value Great Location	Stayed here one Sunday night, as we couldnt extend our stay at another downtown hotel. Paid 110CAD for the night, plus about 25 for parking. Great price - parking was steep, though. Lobby very trendy, and not what youd expect for a Holiday Inn! Room was very comfortable - only complaint was cigarette burn mark on bed spread, and the light switches were all extremely low. I enjoyed staying here more than the two previous nights at Marriott Chateau Champlain.	
Jun 22 2009 	Nightmare in Room 228!!!	OK, some nice things. Great Downtown location on Sherbrooke West. Crisp, clean towels and bedsheets. BUT - all else was horror!!!Our travel agent booked us two nights at the HIMM as part of a two-week tour itinerary of eastern Canada. After a week travelling independently in the rural wilds of east Quebec staying in low-budget motels, we were excited about our final two nights in a big-name hotel. How wrong we were. This is a fur coat, no knickers hotel if ever there was one: hi-gloss lobby, shocking rooms.We were allocated Room 228. Among its many delights were: crumbs from previous occupants on table, sticky spots on the floor tiles, grubby carpet, low-power shower that swerved from scalding to icy, long black hairs in the bath, nasty unidentified stains on the wall next to the toilet, a toilet that required you to lean your full body weight on the lever to flush, chipped washbasin, dirt-encrusted hairdryer, stained carpet, chipped veneer on the furniture, curtains broken free from their track that not only didn't close properly but had large horizontal tears (to get a full night's sleep, we had to secure the gaps with the tent-pegs - lucky we packed them, no?) I could go on and on and on, but you get the picture....Sadly, the horror doesn't end there. No sirree. As we checked in, a gang of school children burst screaming and yelling through the lobby. I turned to the receptionist and said - jokingly - 'we aren't on the same corridor, are we?' No of course not, said the receptionist without blinking. Guess what........?First thing we knew about it was returning from dinner, emerging from the lift to be confronted with two security guards. Our corridor was full of screaming boys, their teachers trying to herd them into rooms. I went straight downstairs and asked reception very politely if they could move us immediately. Receptionist - sneery - said that the hotel was very full and that there were only five unoccupied rooms. I smiled and said that any one of those five rooms that wasn't on a floor with the school party would do us just fine. Receptionist - glacial - said we could take that up with the hotel manager in the morning. Oh what fun we had! It took the teachers from 2200-2300 to round up the little darlings, secure them in their rooms and do a door-by-door final check. And then the routine started up next morning, from 0715-0800, this time accompanied by running down the corridors yelling and banging on doors. My partner bribed me with promise of a blow-out final dinner not to waste our last full day in Canada faffing around changing hotel rooms (assuming that the manager would have oh-so-generously allowed it). Instead, we made a point of staying away from the hotel for as much of the day as possible and not spending a cent on any of its additional facilities.I travel on business in the Middle East and some of my favourite properties are Holiday Inns. No Holiday Inn in that developing region would offer such shabby facilities or be so dismissive of a guest's complaints. I used to be a huge fan of the Holiday Inn brand. Not any more. AVOID HOLIDAY INN MONTREAL MIDTOWN LIKE THE PLAGUE.	
Jun 10 2009 	Excellent hotel for stay courtious staff clean and restaurant is very good	this hotel is at very convenient location in downtown Montreal. hotel is in excellent condition. Rooms were clean and nice. went for vacation stayed for 3 days and 2 nights . worth the money	
Jun 3 2009 	Good deal if bought on discount	Definitely good deal if you pay below $80 per night. We got this hotel through hotwire.com. I will never use hotwire anymore because the website gives misleading information. (Hotwire makes you think that you are paying for a higher star hotel in a better location but you end up somewhere else). I am disappointed more with hotwire promises than the hotel. Holiday inn Midtown is a decent hotel. Luckily for us the staff at Holiday inn was extremely nice - they gave us a king bed and a nice view. We also were able to check in way before the regular time. Very kind of them. The room, although a little bit outdated was clean. Our bed was very comfortable. Nice, clean sheets. We asked for tea bags and got them within 5 minutes. The hotel is located in a decent neighborhood next to Hilton and other 4-star hotels. There is a swimming pool and gym and free internet in the hotel. There is a restaurant downstairs that serves American breakfast (purchased additionally). The portions were really huge, although the juice as someone already mentioned was watery.	
May 28 2009 	Good location comfy room but ...	We paid a sale price for our room, and were able to get a free upgrade to a king size bedroom from two doubles. That was nice to be given this - the new room was on an upper floor, with continental breakfast included and a mini fridge in the room. The floor was quiet and the ice machine close and bed very comfy. Glad that the wifi was free. The hotel location is really good. But, take note, I would not pay full price for one of these 'upgraded' rooms that include the breakfast - as the breakfast quality was really bad - even when given for free, we didn't end up using the option after our first two experiences - the coffee was foul (made better in the in-room coffee maker), the &quot;orange juice&quot; was mostly water, and the baked goods were of poor quality. The room cleanliness was not great. The doors near handles don't look like they have been cleaned in months, I doubt the quality of vacuuming. The other thing is that for a hotel that seems to get a vast majority of its business from tour buses, they should set their elevators so that more than one works at a time. I guess it is possible that they give the more rundown rooms to the sale price customers - but still, it isn't a great way to show quality. If you get a good sale price then yes, this is an okay location - don't pay full price.	
May 19 2009	It was great	We stayed here with 32 High school student and we were treated very well. Rooms clean. Restruant food very good and good prices. Staff very helpful. Will be visiting again with my family. Great location	
Apr 24 2009 	Good place to stay	We got this hotel for $66 US on Hotwire. I liked this hotel a lot. It is in a good location in the downtown area. The bed linens and bath towels were excellent quality. Our room was very quiet, the king bed was comfortable and we slept well. The room was large and we had lots of space. We parked on a side street overnight, just across from the hotel.	
Apr 24 2009 	A little datedbut quite Comfortable	I was on business travelling alone and stayed 8 nights at the Holiday Inn. The service was quite good, the room was clean-if a little old-and was cleaned nicely each morning. The restaurant was well priced, the service was good, the meals large.The bar was great. There were several coaches full of kids from other parts of the world putting pressure on the staff, which they handled well, and the hockey tournament brought lots of young people with a party mood. I would be happy to stay here again. The electronic key was replaced 6 times--the only problem, I was on level 19 which has an internet room/ TV lounge with fresh coffee and croissants available. The Gym was adequate, although could do with a good clean.	
Apr 8 2009 	happy that we stayed at the Holiday inn midtown	just to let you know that your front desk staff was so nice and very polite.The room was very nice and clean.The location of this hotel is perfect,want to go to Old Montreal, and the metro is so close,and the concierge of this hotel is so helpfull.Thank you we had a beautifull stay.....well be back	
Apr 8 2009 	great choice	Recently stayed at the Holiday Inn Montreal Midtown with my family and was extremely impressed with the facilities and services provided. We stayed on a corporate floor and must admit the accomodations were first class. The restaurant is modestly priced and the value is above average.The location is exceptional with-in walking distance to everywhere you want to beI would surely recommend and will be back	
Mar 21 2009 	Dirty and Noisy	I have an open mind and tried this hotel despite the many bad reviews. The location is excellent for shopping and for young adults wanting to be close to the night scene. We did find used soap left in our shower. We did have hair and stains on the bed linens. We did have the noisiest neighbours. We asked several times for someone to check out the cleanliest of our room-no one came. We did ask security to ask our neighbours to quiet down- once at midnight, and then again at 4 am. Which they did, but you could hear the room guests just laugh security off. They valet people were rude, and was the bell man. I don't know if I would stay here again, maybe it was just bad luck on the day of our stay.	
Feb 22 2009 	Great Location Now our place to stay	We used to stay across the street at the Four points for our annual montreal trip. Now that we have stayed here we have a new place to stay. The staff was always helpful, the bar was decent and the food at the restaurant was good. Shopping and nightlife are all within walking distance and Old montreal is an easy cab ride away. The rooms were very clean! My husband recieved a massage at the &quot;spa&quot; (really just a few massage tables) and he loved it. Earlier in a stay we went to a high end spa for massages and according to my husband this one far outweighed the pricier version. This is a good place to stay and inexpensive--- you can spend your money shopping and having fun!	
Feb 16 2009 	Awful Experience!!!	Decided to try hotwire for the first time! Big mistake!!! When we arrived at the Hotel the parking garage was full, which meant that the hotel itself was also jam packed......the wait at the desk took forever to check in and when we finally got the car parked and into our room we were very disappointed! The room was shabby, 2 chairs broken, the bathroom ( a toilet and Tub) were tiny and far from sound proof! Not enough towels which we requested more of but never got!!!The room had a door ajoining the room next door through wich we could hear the unending partying going on by the 6-8 people inside!!!! we did ask for security to come up but it took 2 phone calls and did little...after getting no sleep 2 nights in a row we were awakened by the maid who failed to knock before entering and by a construction guy on the roof right outside our window!!!!!Honestly if the window opened I could have offered the guy a cup of coffee he was literally right outside our window!!!!We will return to Montreal but never to this Holiday Inn!!!!	
Dec 24 2008 	Nice location	The location was great. We were able to walk to alot of restaurants. We were there for the Montreal Jazz Festival, and were able to walk there nightly. We drove from Chicago to the Festival, but never used our car for anything. We found the hotel staff to be pleasant, when we did talk with them, or ask a question. We did not eat in the restaurant since there are alot of places to eat in the surrounding area. The rooms were spacious enough for us, since there 3 of us in the room.	
Sep 24 2008	Great Hotel in Downtown Montreal	We stayed in this hotel while studying the architecture and design in Montreal. The location was great, we were right in the center of the city and very close to shopping, dining, and the metro. The staff was very friendly and they were willing to help us with whatever they could. The rooms were nicely designed with the sink separate from the bathroom which was nice when you had 4 girls getting ready. The rooms were also spacious, but the door did not block any sounds from the hallway. We were right near the elevator and oh boy could you hear every person getting off of it. Another thing that was kind of annoying at this hotel was that if you were on any floor 14 or above you had to swipe your room key in order to take the elevator up there. The keys would never swipe correctly and it could get very annoying. I wouldn't reccommend eating breakfast at the hotel's restaurant because it is kind of a rip off, but there are plenty of small cafes near by! Overall, the hotel was great and so was the city of Montreal.	
Aug 24 2008 	Do NOT stay here!! Dirty and noisy!!!!	Upon arrival, only the linen seemed clean. There were hairs, old bar soap and paper stuck to the bathroom floor. Carpet in room was OBVIOUSLY not vaccuumed. We could write our names in the dust (top of television). Their excuse? - the cleaning lady had only worked there for 3 days - and that should be MY problem?Temperature was 26ºC in room. We had to place a maintenance call for a/c, as well as for someone to come clean the room. My friends also booked a room on the same floor - no a/c, and the carpet were not cleaned. Our room was very small (2 beds). We awoke several times throughout the night, as we could hear the &quot;neighbours&quot; urinate in THEIR room - need I mention how noisy their showers and toilets were? The walls are paper thin, no doubt. We were assured that this hotel had undergone major renos - I cannot imagine the condition of this place prior to the renos! I say FIRE the contractors! We will NEVER stay at this hotel EVER again - ever!	
Aug 20 2008 	Do not stay at this hotel	We booked this hotel online. The room was dirty upon our arrival (11pm @ night) we were so tiered that we decided to sleep and not to complain. After the cleaning lady had cleaned our room we noticed that she had dropped few of our items under the bed!!!! We were lucky that we dropped something ourselves that day and had to look for it there, otherwise we would have left the items dropped by the cleaning lady there!!!! While we were grapping our stuff we also found a camera that belonged to a guest previously staying in our room. (We returned the camera to the reception)On our departure day we realized that we were missing our Bluetooth after we checked out, so we went back to the hotel room to look for it and sure enough it was hiding under our bed again!!!!And to top things up when we got back to Toronto we noticed that apparently the valet staff had decided to take an un-opened drink from our car!!!!I would recommend staying away from this hotel. I’ve never had things stolen from me in all the hotels I’ve been to.	
Jul 21 2008 	Wonderful stay	This hotel looks quite lovely and everyone there is so wonderful and accomodating. The staff is very friendly and the concierge were so sweet &amp; helpful. Also, when our group's bus was being delayed getting into Montreal they let us stay a few extra hours in the room even after having checked out and without extra charge. Even though this is the bus company's fault, not theirs, they let us keep our rooms while they lost out on profit of booking the rooms out to other paying customers. In addition, the location is excellent, right in the middle of everything and close to everything. I would recommend this hotel to friends.	
Jul 12 2008 	A decent hotel with really bad service!	I stayed in Montreal during July 2008.The hotel had one room left, smoking, and I was desparate so I took the room for $139. The shower was broken and I told the front desk that I needed to shower right away for a business meeting. The front desk advised me to use the pool shower. I said give me a discount because I paid good money for a personal shower, and they said no way.The hotel room was clean and descent, but the bed I saw was really old and crappy looking.I would never stay here again because of the service, but for a budget traveller then okay, but if you can afford $150, stay elsewhere in Montreal.	
Jun 30 2008 	Reasonably decent	We stayed there for three nights May 29 - June 2, 2008 and it's still being renovated. The lobby is mostly finished with a rather nice dark paneled wood and decent lounge area. The concierge was borderline rude but not to the point of ruining the stay, and the rooms were very decent. They were clean, rather basic, with two large beds with a red bedspread, a small table and lamp, the dresser with a TV on top, very standard for a Holiday Inn and similar chains. The bathroom could have used a reno with the tub being stained and water pressure being moderate, but it was not awful by any stretch. The vanity area needs better lighting as fluorescent lamps remind one of prisons and hospitals and make everyone look corpselike. There was an iron provided and a weak hairdryer. The restaurant was quite decent, the food was well prepared, simple and very reasonably priced. The location can't be beat, so if you don't rely on your hotel for much more than sleep, then it's not a bad place to tour Montreal from. You can walk to old Montreal AND Schwart'z, and the shopping on rue St. Catherine, so for us it was a pretty decent stay.	
Jun 25 2008 	Good location but room leaves a lot be desired	Having had a disasterous stay in Holiday Inn on King, Toronto, this hotel was definitely a lot friendlier and had a good buzz about it. The restaurant was very good, having tried it for breakfast, lunch and dinner. The location is also very good. However, the rooms leave a lot to be desired. You couldn't swing a cat in the bathroom and the bathroom in our room had a big hole in the ceiling. There were renovations taking place at the time so the ceilings were down on our floor (can't remember whether it was the 9th or 10th floor) and looked unsightly.	
May 27 2008 	good location great price	We spent 3 nights at the Holiday Inn Midtown over Memorial Day weekend. The hotel was very conveniently located and we got a terrific price($61 a night plus taxes and fees plus $18.50 a night for parking) on Priceline. We are Priority club members so our room was on the Concierge floor and a continental breakfast was included. It's hard to beat that value. The hotel is being renovated so the lobby and entrance are a mess. The room was a decent size with a small bathroom. The people at the front desk were very nice at check-in. The concierges were fairly incompetent - they could not give decent directions to anywhere. However, we managed to find our way around and had a terrific mini-vacation at a terrific price.	
May 25 2008 	Comfortable good price/quality ratio	We arrived at the holiday inn after our b&amp;b had cancelled our reservation for our night in Montreal.We arrived around 7pm and were pleasantly greeted by the valet people and the front desk staff. They were renovating the lobby area so it was a bit hard to find the entrance, but the staff helped us out wonderfully.After checking in with the more than professional and friendly check in staff we went up to our room on the 16th floor and enjoyed the view and the comfort of this clean, well equiped and comfortable room.We received vouchers for complimentary wine (buy one get one for free) or beer in the hotel bar, so before heading out for dinner we decided to take our apéritif in the hotel lobby. The service was friendly and professional.We found our experience at this Holiday Inn very enjoyable and comfortable. We'll stay here again on our next trip to Montreal. (one day in Montreal is not enough)	
May 20 2008	Not Worth It..	We arrived around lunchtime and were given a VERY RUDE introduction. The concierge of this hotel were so unfriendly and unhelpful, in addition to the incompetence that they displayed. The rooms, however, were very comfortable, aside from the small bathroom. **All the rooms ajoined**If you can, park your car elsewhere because the Valet was overpriced, even with in/out privileges and they were also incompetant. It took FAR TOO LONG to get the vehicles in and out.Nice restaurant for breakfast or lunch. Rue St. Catherine's is close (for restaurants and shopping) and the hotel is very well located to Old montreal, Chinatown, and the piers. Close hotels : Mariott, Four Points by Sheraton, Quality Hotel	
Mar 8 2008 	Great Location...and hotel is being renovated!!	More than I ever expected....Booked Holiday Inn Midtown for corporate business trip and hotel is walking distance from local office so thats why it was chosen. Corporate floor with private access and 2 business centers, pleasantly surprised on the new look on floors and rooms since i did book here last year.For a downtown hotel, rates are very favourable and staff is very friendly from front desk to concierge...I would definitely book again next visit to Montreal.	
Mar 7 2008 	great value and location	Although I am a local, occasionally friends and I experience a downtown week-end. This hotel's location is exceptional and extremely reasonably priced. The city night life and restaurants are all with-in walking distance. I'm glad to see they have finally renovated. Room was actually modern and spacious.Staff is friendly and accomodating.Really enjoyed our week-end get away. Would surely recommend.	
Mar 3 2008 	smoky noisy bleh.	On a weekend trip to visit my brother in Montreal, we (unfortunately) stayed at Holiday Inn Midtown. The hotel itself is in dire need of a reno. The hallways and the actual suites stink of smoke. It's near the university, so the party never stops. This isn't a good thing though. At three in the morning on a random weekend (not reading week or anything) there were drunken kids running up and down the hallways banging on doors, squealing, and screeching. We told the front desk and they sent someone up to clear the halls and not more than 15 minutes later the kids were baaack. Don't go unless you are one of those kids.	
Feb 10 2008 	Holiday Inn Midtown ~ a bit noisy	I was here in Montreal on a business trip for two weeks and stayed at this hotel on Sherbrooke. Location wise, it was great. Close to St. Catherine, McGill, St. Denis, and St. Laurent. Walking distance to great restaurants and shopping.The hotel room I had was very comfortable and roomy. For a two week stay, I appreciated the small laundry facility and the very small gym. I had issues with noise though. I could hear someone across the hall coughing and sneezing all night. I could here my next door neighbor talking on the phone. One afternoon, during renovations, the contractor was drying paint on the ceiling with a hair dryer. I can here the water pipes.The hotel is mediocre but I wouldn't book there unless it is significantly cheaper than all the surrounding hotels of similar star ratings.	
Jan 5 2008	Unpleasant stay at holiday inn	Okay, we don´t expect the best experience at holiday inns, and they can be somehow depressing, but functional. At this holiday inn which had a fairly good location, the staff was unhelpful and rude, and the rooms on one side were so loud, that it was like being inside an airplane engine. Since this was a business room, I had access to the lounge with complementary continental breakfast: 3 muffins which were gone by 7 AM and coffee from a machine in a tiny room with one sofa and one internet access. Any attempt to get any help for a room change was meet with complete unhelpfulness. In fact, the reception staff seemed poorly trained. The concierge desk was, however, helpful and better prepared. The overall attitude of the place seemed to be that if you could only afford to stay at this hotel, then what did you expect? So make your choice.p.m. from Munich	
Dec 23 2007	Just if you have no other options	My stay in Holiday Inn Montreal was for 2 days but I could experience some good stuff and some bad too. Starting with the rooms, they seemed to be very simple, confortable beds (at least when I was there), TV... but about the bathroom, it was so small that you have to be skilled to put on your clothes... claustrophobic for most people...About the lobby, no big hassle to check in, and there's a small shop where you can buy some last-minute gift from Montreal if you are in a hurry.The soda machines were broken and there was not any warning about that, therefore I had lost some coins but the staff gave me them back.Just stay there if you just want a 2 to 3-days stay and need somewhere to rest for a cheaper price. If you are coming with your family in vacations, I would not recommend it.	
Dec 17 2007 	Nice hotel with good customer service	This is a nice quaint little hotel that has bags of character, ranging from the rooms, dining area &amp; staff. Whilst this is a fairly basic rated hotel the staff are what really make this hotel &amp; our stay very enjoyable. They were very accommoding when our party of 9 checked in and ensured that we were all roomed on the same floor within a couple of doors from each other.The guestrooms were a good size with a reasonably sized bathroom providing bath &amp; shower. Toiletries were provided daily and the room's linen were always freshly cleaned &amp; aired.The dining area was very appealing &amp; they have an ample choice of food choices/menus around the clock.The service was always prompt &amp; there was always ample staff members around should you require any assistance.I would have no hesitation in coming back to this hotel when I am next in Montreal	
Dec 11 2007 	Rather plain	We stayed here Dec. 8 2007, for 97$US all inc. via Hotwire.Hotel is under renovation and needed it. The rooms are on the small side, with claustriphobic motel style bathroom, where the sink is outside of the bathroom. Beds are comfy, with good pillows (choice of four style, upon request).The gym and pool are decent, but they should really get rid of the ghetto grafitti design.The resaurant is a plus, with good prices, and decent selection. Breakfast was 8$CAN and was copious.Would go back only through priceline/hotwire.	
Oct 21 2007 	Good value	We stayed here for a short stopover on our way from London to family and found the staff extremely welcoming, both in the hotel and the bar and restaurant. My husband I were travelling with our two 11 year old children and everyone could not have been friendlier. The rooms had recently been refrubished (we were the first guests in our room) and were pleasant enough although the bathrooms were very dated. As some reviewer commented the decor is very 80's but it is smart, clean, very comfortable and friendly.It is also reasonably central; a pleasant walk to the old town or the main shopping area. One of our main considerations was the cost - this was greatly cheaper than the other hotels in the same area.While I would have loved to stay in some of the swankier places the prices were far too high. On balance this was a good choice of hotel for us, definately value for money.	
Sep 29 2007 	no quality what so ever	I've stayed in this hotel for 2 weeks. it is a terrible experience. they couldn't care less about their guests. They are careless, dirty and the cleaning is just a bad joke. also, you should definitely try out their continental breakfast. It's a bad joke. i wouldn't recommend it to my worst enemy. they would not provide adapters for electricity, they make you buy one from their store even though as soon as you leave Canada you won't need it anymore. On one day they made me wait half an hour saying I hadn't pay the bill, when in fact they just cancelled my card room and never checked the bill. They did not even apologise.	
Sep 28 2007 	Very 80's style	I stayed on the 15th floor and elevator will take you there only when you swipe your room card and you need to swipe it dozen times. Needless to say, it was very annoying. Hotel is going through renovation, but cleaning staff needs to do more cleaning. I was first put in the room on 9th floor, but it was obvious that it wasn't vacuumed and I saw hair in the bathroom, right next to the sink. I asked for a different room and was given room on the 15th floor, which was much better. The only plus is front desk who was more than pleasant and very professional. Very 80's style hotel, but my stay was ok, since I was there only to sleep. Hopefully, it will get better with renovations.	
Sep 22 2007 	Good Location great breakfast but needs updating.	We arrived to find we were given a room on the 9th floor with a lovely view of the building site and crane next door. We asked to move and were then moved to 10th floor at the front of the hotel with views towards mount royal. It stated on the booking forms that there would be a safe and a minibar neither of these were in our room, we asked at reception only to be told some rooms on the 10th floor do have them and some don't.The room was desperate for refurbishment, which was taking place in the hotel. The bed was very confortable however the bathroom was horrid, it had mould and mildew on the bath tiles. The pool was cold and very dated, the gym seemed well equipped. The laundary faclities were good.The best thing about this hotel was the restaurant, the breakfast were fantastic and really cheap and had a great choice. Would stay here again if only for the breakfast.Overall there was very little to do in Montreal but i'm pleased i've been.	
Sep 17 2007 	Good cheap tourist hotel	I booked this hotel for a weekend break so was looking for something cheap (well, for Montreal Centre Ville anyway) and close to the action. It's about 15-20 minutes walk from downtown, a little bit creepy if you're walking back to the hotel on your own at night, but it's located close to an underground station and it is possible to navigate from the hotel to the centre almost entirely underground!The hotel itself is quite basic, a little bit grotty, but was satisfactory for my needs (I wasn't really in the hotel for much of the time).	
Jun 12 2007 	A surprisingly pleasant Holiday Inn experience	We stayed at the HI Midtown for Grand Prix last weekend for three nights and had a very pleasant experience. While its true they were undergoing renovation, this did not affect us at all and there was no actual work going on while we were there. Most importantly, the hotel was extremely well located, just a block from the metro, and walking distance to everything from Old Montreal to the Crescent Street Grand Prix fair, Chinatown, the major Shopping centers and more. We left our car in the garage and didnt need to see it again until we checked out. As for the hotel itself, the lobby is very pleasant and modern. The room we stayed in was a corporate king which was newly renovated. Rooms are smaller than US standard hotel rooms but perfectly spacious for 2 people with a king size bed, a lounge chair, ottoman and desk. Bathrooms are a bit on the small side and not updated but clean and functional. We went into our friends room which was supposedly not yet fully renovated but the only difference was the furniture had not been updated yet. The concierge was very helpful in finding excellent places for dinner and in directing us to anywhere we wanted to go. The staff was very pleasant and helpful as well (we couldnt figure the safe out and someone from security came up in a matter of minutes to help.) This hotel is right next door to the Sheraton Four Points, the Marriott Courtyard and the Delta. I would say its the best of the 4. Don't be fooled by the name, HI did a great job keeping a very picky traveler happy. And the crepe shop around the corner on Breury is a perfect place for breakfast or a snack.	
May 23 2007	Pretty Grosse	ok the bed matresses had stains , they were pretty uncomfortable , the showers had hair in them , so after we complained they were cleaned a bit ,but yet still dirty , one of my friends found a tampon in the room , so i find that disgusting.the only good thing i found was that there was space ,but i had a lot of problems	
May 8 2007 	Concerned About This Hotel	This used to be a fine hotel for a reasonable cost. However it is beginning to show its' age. Durning my last stay in a corporate floor room, the carpets in the halls were worn and patched. The room was satisfactory however the thermostat did not work; the tub had mildew around it; the tub drain did not drain properly leaving showering persons standing ankle deep in water during their showers; the double lock did not work and the bed was lumpy. As far as facilities the pool area was dark and poorly lit; the whirlpool was inoperable; the deck chairs all broken! Swimming in the pool was not pleasant. Their gym apparatus was fine and they do offer massages. I would recommend not staying here until their renovations are completed.	
Apr 20 2007	More than ready for makeover	Stayed on the 18th floor and the room and floor has seen better decades. This is the corporate floor. The carpet in the hallway is old and threadbare. Bathtub allowed for foot bath while showering.Annoying not being able to call down for car. If not renovated, don't stay.	
Feb 27 2007	Valet parking - vehicle robbed	We stayed with our family at the Midtown 2-years ago, and used the valet parking. Our vehicle had items stolen from it, between the time the valet moved the vehicle to the garage, to when we picked up again the next morning. The issue was never resolved, poor customer service follow-up.	
Feb 23 2007 	Did the Trick	I stayed at the Holiday Inn Midtown with some buddies for a bachelor party. It was in a good location and the price was right. The rooms were a bit old, but they did the trick. The staff were friendly, but we didn't require much catering to. I would recommend this Hotel if you are more interested in the experience of Montreal than the Hotel itself and are looking for a reasonably-priced solution in good location.	
Dec 5 2006 	Holiday Inn - don't stay here	Very basic. Lower floors extremely grungy. Hotel staff not friendly. Valet parking is terrible - you can't call down for your car and have to wait in line in the garage - what do you expect for a 2 star. Lots of other places to stay in Montreal - this should be one of your last choices. Food in the restaurant is horrible.	
Sep 7 2006 	For the employee from another Holiday Inn	How can you put down the Holiday Inn so much being an employee ...you say it should not be called a holiday...why? Is it because you being an employee you expect to get the pent house or ''royal'' service? When you're receiving an employee rate. Which is almost like you're paying nothing. Just to inform you of what the hotel is really like; a muticultural staff, who all speak at least 2 languages and more, a warm and positive atmosphere, an exciting place to be in one of the most beautiful cities of the world! So stop spending your vacations indoors and enjoy all the beauty Montreal has to offer!!!	
Jul 14 2006	poor poor hotel	in my room i had a leaking shower and the service was poor dont give workers tips. montreal is not a nice city if you want to go to a hotel in montreal go to the hayat regency it is in a shopping mall.	
Jul 7 2006 	Good Deal for the Price	Stayed here for 6 nights. MY room (executive level) was very small, but you expect ta in a downtown setting where space is expensive. The floor to ceiling mirror was broken, they taped cardboard with duct tape around it. I had a problem wit the toilet, and the maintenance man was here in 5 mins to fix it. The valet parking is sub-par, most days you have to wait awhile, as they only seem to have 1 person working. However, the service is impeccable! Very friendly staff, super quick to respond to ANY problem. Convienient location to shopping and food. All in all it is a great deal if you want to save money. It is by far less expensive to the courtyard(next door). They have all the services you will need (money exchange, info desk, taxi, gift shop, bar/restaurant etc). The ATM does not take the plus network cards, but there is a Bank of Montreal ATM 1 block away. Not elegant for a luxury vacation, but great for the business traveller.	
Jul 5 2006	Desperate need of renovation	Just got back from the Montreal Jazz festival and needed a convenient place to stay. If you looking for an ideal location... this place is good. Otherwise, go next door to the Marriot Courtyard (??) or Delta hotel. This hotel must have been built in the 1970's and I am willing to bet that it has not been renovated since. The lobby is new.... but rooms are very old, air conditioner is loud, rooms are dark and dingy.Good luck,TT	
Jul 4 2006	Neutral /Average	Positives-----------Service at front desk was goodLocation is excellent ( walking distance to St-Catherines and about $10 cab to Old montreal) On site restaurant was acceptable and breakfast prices were very decent. I hatedriving around looking for breakfast. Negatives------------Room were a little older ( ie noise was not well insulated)No fan in bathroom ( minor but can be a pain)Overall - average ( compared to other holidays Inns)Misc------ There is a limit of 20 people at a time in pool ( so you might expect some delays swimming)- $20 parking fee ( extra)	
Jul 3 2006	Should Not Be Called A Holiday Inn	Take it from someone who knows.....this hotel is horrible. I am a manager at another Holiday Inn and am embarassed for the Holiday Inn Midtown Montreal. The check in process took 30 minutes, the concierge was rude. The rooms are small and not very clean. The Air Conditioning stinks. There is a small ven under the window and on hot days it does not cool the small room. Don't even think of closing the drapes because the air conditioning will just blow into the drapes and make them cold.The restaurant does not follow any standards of Holiday Inn. No coffee pots for the tables, no to-go coffee cups, etc.On a whole this has to be the worst Holiday Inn I have ever seen.	
Jun 18 2006 	A decent place to stay	I went to Montreal for a conference and stayed at this hotel for a week and a half. I got a fairly negative impression from some of the other reviews on here, but the hotel didn't end up being that bad. Yes, there are tons of kids there. I suspect that many of them are 18- to 20-year-old Americans who can drink in Canada but not in the US. To get around this, you can request one of the private floors towards the top of the hotel. I stayed on one of these floors and had no noise problem the whole time I was there. The rooms are not the most modern, but everything in the room worked.The hotel had two very strong points: free, wired internet in all the rooms, and a good restaurant with reasonable prices. You can rent ethernet cables from the front desk for a $25, refundable deposit. I found the restaurants around the hotel to be on the expensive side, but the restaurant at the hotel was pretty good for pretty cheap.	
Jun 14 2006	not what I expected	I went and stayed at this hotel for one weekend in March. It was not what I expected at all. When I first got there I tried to check in but I had problems with the front desk. They did not speak very good english and I do not know any french which caused a very long time for me to check in , I waited for almost an hour. On the other hand the hotel's restaurant is very good and has a nice bar. It is also very close to all the nightlife and shopping.Warning! when I stayed there , their was so many high school and college students all over the hotel. At night they are all loud and drunk. At one point I was sleeping and I was awakened by a knock on the door by a drunk man trying to come in, who I had to call security to get away. At another point the door that seperates two rooms was opened by the room next door and two drunk strangers walked into my room at 1 am. Overall the hotel is good for young people looking to have a good time, but now for a family or a buisniss trip.	
Apr 28 2006	Thumbs up	I was a little apprehensive about what to expect after booking my trip then finding these reviews after-the-fact. I have to say I STRONGLY DISAGREE with most of the reviews. I had a great experience, and it is hard to impress a new yorker! The service was impecable! Extra pillows, concierge, money exhange, room service, operator I can go on and on - all were great. The complimentary breakfast is not WOW but it is free and it does the trick - OJ coffee toast and croissants what else do you want? The pool is nice, hottub a little small but it is nice. I got a wonderful massage by their massage therapist at a reasonable rate. The bar and restaurant were definitely amongst the cheapest and best that we found (have the ribs - very good)....We also got put on the executive floor and didnt have to pay for it..very nice room- ac worked fine - the walls are somewhat thin when it comes to plumbing but hey so are mine at home. The location also cannot be beat - it is about 4 blocks from St Catherines street - lots of restaurants, shopping, museums and more shopping, a couple of blocks from both the underground and the metro. Old Montreal is a nice walk but on a beautiful day - very nice. Taxi to the casino 15 CAD, airport 35 CAD. I would recommend this hotel to anyone - I wouldnt be wasting my time writing all of this if I didnt!	
Apr 11 2006	Stop Your Complaining People	I stayed at the Holiday Inn for the long weekend in May. All I have to say to all of you that are complaining about your stay. If you wanted a luxury hotel then you should have done more research. If all you plan on doing is staying in your hotel through your entire stay, then stay home. I had nothing but amazing service when I was there, and I have constantly returned to this hotel. I came into not having my room ready and being put on the executive floor for the same rate as my other room I booked. If you needed something fixed, they came and did it as soon as possible. If you want extra pillows, Then bring your own. If your going to whine people, stay home.. Your Drama is WAY to much about; the poor and not to your par standards. Next time go stay at the Hilton where they can feed you grapes as you lie there and fan you..For those reading this, There is NOTHING wrong with the Holiday Inn. It's reasonably priced, the rooms are always cleaned, they do not smell musty. The Air conditioning DOES work well, and I can go on..	
Mar 24 2006 	Just average	Stayed on the executive floor. To be sure there was nothing special about my room to justify the price difference. Or was it the 75-cent newspaper I got in the morning? Oh yes, there was a &quot;lounge&quot; -- which was in fact a converted bedroom with couches and a TV.. not sure I got the point..Check-in was slow, too many people and not enough staff, but this can happen anywhere. Breakfast was very disappointing; go eat somewhere else.The bed was in bad shape, sagging mattress, way too soft.I've stayed at worse Holiday Inns and at better ones.	
Feb 21 2006	Loved it!	Great hotel, very clean and quite room, fast checkin/out, and have a meal in the Ace...they can't be making any money for the meal they give you for the price they charge!The staff was also very helpful in locating Montreal Canadien Tickets for me too!!	
Dec 30 2005	No tres bien	This hotel has a great location, but it is old, dirty, musty, smelly, and noisy. It needs to be renovated - in every aspect. The valet service is nice, but not too quick. The hotel is very large and thus there are tons of people staying there. It seemed to be prom night when we stayed, and a lot of kids were renting rooms for the night which made it pretty noisy. The pull-out bed we used was in horrible condition - beyond lumpy. The views are nice. The check-in lines can be very long. I wouldn't reccommend this hotel.	
Oct 21 2005	Okay but there's got to be better places to stay	I came in with a tour, so we didn't have to go through the desk (the subject of some reviews). What I did notice was that the hotel was absolutely SWAMPED with other tours, mobs and mobs of people strolling here and there. The room was okay -- standard mid-range hotel fare -- but it was COLD. Many others in my tour complained that it took all night for their rooms to warm. Luckily, there was an unused bed in mine whose quilt could be used. Breakfast was via menu -- no buffet that I saw -- and watch those mobs! My waitress really ran hard, kudoes to her!!!, and delivered a fairly good US-type breakfast, nothing to write home about. When I returned to Montreal a few days later I stayed a couple blocks down at the Casa Bella and played with the idea of cancelling there and returning to the Holiday Inn. Which tells you somethng about the Casa Bella. Montreal's a big city; there's got to be a better mid-priced hotel somewhere!	
Oct 4 2005	go elsewhere	We stayed at another, better hotel, but had to add a day and ended up here. Wish we'd read these reviews first...I am in agreement with the comments regarding cleanliness, dinginess, and noise factor. There was a group of teenagers or college students on our floor that were noisy and inconsiderate and ignored requests to quiet down. It sounded like people were slamming doors all night. The blankets were thin and scratchy and the room seemed run down and not quite clean enough. I would not stay here and would not recommend it. I was so glad I only had to spend the one night here.	
Jul 11 2005	Not worth the money	Definitely not worth the money. Room was small. No vent in bathroom. Shades would not shut completely so room was bright at night from outside lights and in the early morning from the sun. A/C was not working at 100% so room was warm. Could hear family next door in the morning thru the adjoining door. Very uncomfortable stay. Did not check the pool out so cannot comment about that. Room was clean though. Long lines at the check-in/check-out counter throughout our stay. Door service was great. Valet service was slow so better off parking on your own. Would not stay here again and would rather try my chances somewhere else.	
Jul 8 2005	Not worth the price	Room is old, small, dark. Air conditioner is not strong on hot days. Bathroom small, dim lighting, stink odour. Hotel as a whole is old, dirty, and not pleasant. For the price, there are other hotels with better quality, level of comfort, and facilities.	
Jul 5 2005	Not the best place to stay...keep looking	We have just got back from our third trip to Montreal...this was our first stay at the Holiday Inn Midtown and our last. We experienced problems right from the check in time, of which they would not honor the price that they quoted and emailed confirmation of , when we got there....we ended up paying an extra $50/night on an 8 day stay. We had emailed them 2 weeks prior to ask for non-feather pillows and a fridge for our room....that didn't happen. I had to ask housekeeping to change the pillows and for extra pillows as we had requested prior, and we were told just to empty the bar fridge in the room and use that. We stayed on the executive floor....not much different then the others, definitely not worth the extra money paid. The free internet was down most of our weeklong stay. Their continental breakfast in our &quot;lounge&quot; was stale croissants and muffins. The free coffee was dirty laundry water. They rented rooms on the floor to graduating high school kids that kept us up until 4:30 am and we finally had to call hotel security because of the noise and disruption.There were 3 good things I can say......the conceirge service was impeccable, helpful and always friendly. The food in the restaurant was great and excellent prices. The pool and hot tub were good.Honestly, use this hotel as a last resort....but search around first. We will not stay here again....very disappointing.	
Jul 2 2005	Extremely Accommodating!!!!	Our impromptu visit to Montreal wound up being a 3 day/ 2 night excursion into a great and interesting city all due to the Holiday Inn's front desk staff's efforts !!! The staff and management accommodated our situation(our daughter was feeling too ill to travel back to NYC, hence our need to stay a bit longer then planned) and were very understanding. We definately reccommend this hotel and will stay here again!	
Aug 16 2004	Horrible!!! Stay away!	Terrible hotel, not up to Holiday Inn standards. Plan on lining for an hour to check in and check out. There is only ever one person at the counter even at 12pm, check out time. The carpets are disgusting and covered in stains. This hotel hasn't been renovated since the 1970s. The room smelled like a combination of cigarette smoke and body odour. The sink was so cracked and stained it looked like someone had thrown up in it. It was so disgusting I had to turn my back to it to brush my teeth.To top it all off I opened up the ice bucket and found it had a foul smelling orange slime in it. How can this be acceptable? We just got back a couple of days ago and now my friend thinks he got a rash from the sheets. I have red spots all over my body that look like some sort of bites.PS. Beware of the bar downstairs called ACE's. After dark it seems to be inhabited by what I can only describe as &quot;ladies of the night.&quot;	
Aug 4 2004	Not quite up to standards	I stayed here for two nights at the end of July 2004. Depending on your luck, the reception is either friendly and efficient, or when they get hit (as they do several times a day) by groups of people checking in at the same time, frazzled and hostile. My check-in was fine and quick, but it took me 20 minutes to check out because I was waiting in line with a bunch of people checking in. If you need to get a key for the mini-bar in your room or if you need to borrow an ethernet cable from the front desk, make sure you go it when you check in because you don't know how long the line could get if you go there later (I waited 15 minutes to get my mini-bar key and I gave up waiting). The lifts are slow and take a lot of time to use, especially when there are multiple floor stops. I got a room on the 18th floor (one of the executive floors) which was supposed to be recently renovated, but frankly I couldn't tell as the carpets already have stains and some of the lamps' electrical plugs were loose. I think the renovation was partial at best and the management decided to retain some of the existing equipment. I also had a problem with the broadband connection and an engineer came and fixed it in about 15 minutes. There's an &quot;executive room&quot; on the 19th floor with free coffee and a computer for the use of people staying on one of the executive floors, but the computer is old and slow (it runs Windows 2000 at a snail's pace), and the printer is - I couldn't believe it - dot-matrix. I guess they forgot to renovate that. A continental breakfast was included, but the croissant was soggy and it was delivered 40 minutes late. The hotel is clearly geared towards group bookings, and as long as those keep coming in, I guess management has no incentive to make the hotel any nicer than it is or to make it more user-friendly for individual travelers.	
Jul 26 2004	Not the worst hotel but .....	Overall I would have to say it was not an unpleasant stay. The lobby area is nice, there never seemed to be a problem getting help from the desk agents or the concierge. The restaurant food was good, reasonably priced with good service. The bar, however, had very weak drinks and extremely poor service.Most days we would wait up to 45 minutes before a server would ask if we wanted anything and then never return for followup.The fitness center with pool and hot tub was quite nice, clean, and never overcrowded. Had the hotel not been extremely full, I would have asked for a room on a different floor.There is quite a difference in the quality of this hotel from floor to floor. Some floors are quite nice with well appointed rooms.If you are given a dingy room on a floor with ugly green carpet which is extremely stained from one end to the other and which smells of mildew, ask to be moved right away.Until those floors are remodeled, I would not say that this property is up the usual standards of Holiday Inn.	
Jun 1 2004	Not too bad	Just returned from a Memorial Day 2004 Weekend at the Holiday Inn. The hotel and the room looked their age. But, the room was clean, and the sheets did not give us a rash! The room lacked a refrigerator, and a microwave. The bathroom was quite small, but our bed was comfortable. It was a bit chilly in Montreal, but the room was warm. The staff was helpful, and there are places nearby to eat, (Check out CORA'S for breakfast, ask for directions). Not too far from the underground train system (METRO). Overall, not a bad palce to stay.	
May 31 2004	I suppose it wasn't bad.	Well, I arrived around 7pm local time on a Sunday and was fair impressed with the external appearance of the hotel, and as I wandered into reception thought &quot;Ah, nice place&quot;. If only it stayed that way. There were a number of problems I had with the hotel. Number one that became apparent was that the internet in the room didn't work at first and though they sent up an engineer, I had to diagnose the problem myself with his equipment, and even when I did he didn't understand what I was telling him. I managed to get a replacement cable from reception though, so all was well. Until the service in the room started wanting to charge me several 24 hour charges a day (charges aren't mentioned at all in the brochure for the hotel and it's the first hotel I've known to charge for internet access in rooms). Next problem, the window in my room was missing some sealant and so every time the wind blew (which was a lot on the 17th floor) I was given a rendition of some aboriginal style music. Next problem, bloody schoolkids. Maybe there's nothing the hotel can do about it, but if you book in six coachloads of obnoxious American schoolkids who love nothing more than to ride up and down the lifts incessantly, thus denying the lifts to other guests it doesn't say much about customer service. On several occassions I was left waiting up to 30 mins on a lift. What the hell is their problem? Anyway, it got so bad one time that I instead chose to (as many other guests did) walk up 17 floors (over 30 flights) of stairs in the fire exit. Next problem, I don't speak French. The voicemail system on the room's telephone systems is entirely in French with not a word of English. Next problem, when the cleaner would clear out the rubbish from my room (one night I had ordered some pizza in for myself and some friends so there were a few pizza boxes and coke bottles etc) they would leave it lying right outside my room in the corridor for several hours before someone else would come along and clean it. Oh, and the cleaners don't speak English either. I had to use primitive gestures to communicate with them as to what should be kept and what was to be thrown out.	
Feb 17 2004	A must stay!!	I have stayed at this Holiday Inn on 2 different occasions and have found it to be very comfortable, quiet, and clean; I have recently read other on-line reviews of the Inn, but I can not find anything negative to say. I plan to stay here again in March, 2004 as well. The Aces restaurant is a must do - a great breakfast!	
Feb 3 2004	Bed linens gave my mom a rash ...	I stayed there with my family in November 2003, after a supposed &quot;renovation.&quot; It's a great location, close to Metro stations, that huge underground mall, etc. We stayed on a non-smoking floor. However, the entire place was dated and FILTHY. Hallways were dark and dingy. There was a huge stain on the carpet in the hallway. The bathroom grout was deteriorated and discolored. The little hair drier mounted to the wall was cracked. These are all little touches, but seem so easy to fix. There is practically no noise insulation between adjoining rooms. We had to call the front desk to complain about a &quot;party&quot; next door. Worst of all, my mom got some kind of itchy rash from the bed linens. I was so embarassed I made this reservation for my family. I would definitely NOT recommend this place.	
Feb 1 2004	What the bloody hell it smells like rotten cheese	Well me and my gurls were staying at this hotel the christmas break...let me tell U!! Where to start? Room service was horrible, tell me why they would knock at my door at 6am!! The toilets contained insects and fungus. The carpet had stains and the room stunk! The room was as small an an airplane bathroom! The doors wouldn't clothes and my neighbour was running around the floor naked! I complained but they refused to help. If u like naked old ladies, I recomend u go.	
Oct 13 2003	Don't believe all you read	We have just returned from a 2 night stay at the Holiday Inn, Midtown. After I booked it, I read some reviews that had me worried about how our accommodations would be. There was no need for the worry... We found the hotel to be very clean, the rooms were a good size and the staff was friendly and helpful.	
Aug 7 2003	We were very pleasantly surprised with the Holiday Inn Midtown		
Aug 6 2003	Great place		
Jul 28 2003	Not awful at all		
Jul 15 2003	Discusting		
Jul 14 2003	Not a good hotel		
Jun 12 2003	It's Improved		
May 24 2003	Hated the Midtown Montreal		
Apr 2 2003	Make the Reservation and Don't Show Up!!		
Jan 30 2003	Accomodation		
Dec 11 2002	Excellent Hotel Reasonable Rates		
Jul 28 2009 	Bruyant !!! Un hôtel pour faire le party!		
Jul 13 2009 	Petit avis perso : hôtel assez sympa		
Jan 10 2009 	?????		
Nov 20 2008 	Vieillot		
Oct 22 2008 	Hotel moyen 		
Aug 25 2008 	Buen servicio por precio justo		
Dec 25 2007 	Party de Noël au Holiday Inn		
May 24 2007	Prix attractif pauvre prestation ....		
