{{pagebanner|Taichung Banner.jpg}}

'''Taichung''' (臺中; ''Tái-zhōng'') [https://travel.taichung.gov.tw/en-us] is located in the west-central part of the island of [[Taiwan]]. It has a pleasant climate and a population of just over 2.8 million people, making it the second largest city in the country after [[New Taipei]]. The city is home to many manufacturers and in recent years has experienced rapid growth in the diversity of its cultural offerings. 

Among the activities to catch when visiting Taichung: the world-class science museum, the stunning architecture at the National Taichung Theater, the quality National Taiwan Museum of Fine Arts, the colorful Rainbow Village, sunset over Kaomei Wetlands, and hiking in the nearby hills at Dakeng. There are also many famous night markets that provide night-time excitement.  Here you can enjoy delicious food and drink, and find cheap and interesting items for sale. These include Feng Chia Night Market (逢甲夜市), Yizhong Night Market (一中夜市), Zhonghua Night Market (中華夜市), Taiyuan Night Market (太原夜市), Tunghai  Night Market (東海夜市), and Zhongxiao Night Market (忠孝夜市)).  

==Understand==

===History===

====Aboriginal era====

Taiwanese aborigines originally populated the plain where modern Taichung City is located. They lived by cultivating millet and taro and hunting deer. Several local names in central Taiwan contain the word for "deer," including Lukang Township in Changhua County.

====Early history of Taichung====
Taichung was founded in 1705 as a part of Changhua County, originally named Dadun (ch: 大墩; p: Dàdūn; w: Ta-tun; lit. large mound). At this point in history, the Qing Dynasty, formed by invading Manchus in the 1640s, was consolidating its hold on western Taiwan, which it had wrested from the Cheng family in 1682. As a part of strengthening its control, a garrison was founded in 1721 near the site of present-day Taichung Park by Lan Ting-chen.

All was not peaceful for Qing authorities in central Taiwan. North of the city, at the Dajia River, an aboriginal revolt broke out in 1731 after Chinese officials moved in and compelled them to provide labor. After being joined by other aboriginals, they drove as far south as the county seat of Changhua in May, 1732 before being chased into the mountains by Qing forces.

Another rebellion, this one in 1786, against Qing authorities had its roots in the nearby town of Dali, just south of Taichung City. Led by Lin Shuang-wen, it began as an attempt to overthrow the Manchu government and restore the Ming Dynasty. Unfortunately, as they moved northward, they turned to slaughter and looting. They were eventually defeated by a coalition of Hakka, Quanzhou Fujianese descendants, and Aboriginal volunteers who joined with the government to defeat the rebels.

====Qing Dynasty rule era====

Taiwan became a province of Qing Dynasty China in 1885, and the city, named Dadun at the time, was named capital of Taiwan Prefecture, one of three prefectures in the newly created Taiwan Province. It was also initially designated as the provincial capital, and Qing official Liu Mung-chuan received the authority from the Guangxu Emperor to oversee development of the area. However, four years later, Liu was forced to “retire” by Empress Dowager Cixi, and the provincial capital was moved to what is now known as Taipei.

====Japanese colonial era====

China lost the Sino-Japanese War in 1895. As a consequence, the Qing Dynasty was forced to cede Taiwan to the Japanese under Treaty of Shimonoseki. The Japanese changed the name of the city from Dadun to Taichū (台中), and began to develop the city, setting out to make it the first “modern” area of Taiwan.

However, Taichū bore the brunt of early Japanese repression. There were many rebels who stated that they had accepted amnesty from the earlier period of rebellion when the Republic of Taiwan was declared in 1895. However, many of those same people continued anti-Japanese activities. On May 25, 1902, some 360 rebels and their families accepted invitations to surrender and receive amnesty and rewards. Instead of receiving amnesty, once inside, the Japanese locked the doors and slaughtered the former rebels.

Taichū Park was completed in 1903. The old north gate, one of the few Liu-era structures to survive the Japanese reconstruction of the city, was moved to the new park. To this day, Taichung Park is one of the most popular places in the city for people to relax.

The first market in Taichū was built in 1908 along JiGuang Road between ZhongZheng and ChengGong Roads. It is still used today, and is a popular spot to purchase food and other items in downtown Taichung. Taichung Middle School (now known as Taichung First High School) was founded in 1913 by Lin Hsien-tang and his brother Lin Lie-tang, two wealthy Taiwanese intellectuals of the era. This was done in an effort to teach children the traditional culture of Taiwan and to foster a sense of local pride.

Taichū was officially designated as a city by Japanese Imperial authorities in 1920, and Taichū City Hall was completed in 1924 after eleven years of construction.

A Taiwanese cultural association founded in 1921 in Taipei by Lin Hsien-tang was moved to Taichū in 1927. Most of the members of this association were from Taichū and the surrounding area. The city became a center of Taiwanese culture and nationalism.

The newly-found prosperity of Taichū was eventually squandered by the war effort. When World War II ended in 1945, Taiwan’s economy, like Japan’s, was in shambles.

====Republic of China era (1945-)====

The Japanese were forced to surrender to Republic of China forces on behalf of Allied forces on 1945-10-25, who came across the Strait on U.S. ships and accepted their surrender on behalf of the Allied Powers.

The Kuomintang (KMT), also known as the Chinese Nationalist Party, relocated the government of the Republic of China to Taiwan upon losing the Chinese Civil War to the Communists.

The early post-war era was one of transition and turmoil for Taiwan. Taiwanese nationalists had divided into three prominent groups, one of which was known as the Taichung Clique. These were men with relatively high social standing during the Japanese era, such as Lin Hsien-t’ang, Yang Chao-chia, Yeh Jung-chung, and others. These men attempted to take what they believed to be their rightful place as the political leaders of the island. However, the administrator of the island, Chen Yi, opposed this faction as it contained many people, especially merchants and landlords, who had opposed his policies.

Under the authorities of the Republic of China, Taichung had become the center for organized crime and associated businesses.

On 2010-12-25, Taichung City and County of Taiwan Province merged into a new a special municipality of Taichung. 


===Districts===

Taichung is divided into 29 geographical subdivisions, including the following 8 in Taichung City before 2010-12-25:

*'''Beitun District''', (北屯區): Geographically, this is the largest district in the city, spreading from the north to the northeastern-most reaches of the city. It includes the comparatively rural area of Dakeng. It also includes the Taichung Folk Park and Morrison Academy.

*'''Central District''', (中區): This is the smallest and most densely populated district in the city. It is home to the Taichung Train Station, Taichung Park, and a large number of traditional businesses in the downtown area. This district is home to the original suncake shop on ZiyouRoad (自由路) and is where most of Taichung's major businesses used to be located.

*'''East District''', (東區): Literally on the other side of the tracks from the main part of the downtown area. The Taichung Central Department Store is located here.

*'''Nantun District''', (南屯區): Occupies the southwestern-most portions of the city. There is still considerable farmland in this area, but a High Speed Rail is expected to open in a few months in adjacent Wuri, and the Taichung city government plans to move the city hall into this district. Currently, Nantun is most well-known for high property values and expensive, luxurious cottages, which have in turn attracted many large department stores into adjacent areas of Xitun District.

*'''North District''', (北區): Nestled between Central and Beitun Districts, it is home to the Taichung First Senior High school and Yizhong Street (一中街,) one of the best known night markets in the city. It is also home to the Natural Science Museum, Chungyou Department Store, and Zhongshan Hall.

*'''Xitun District''', (西屯區): This district spreads out to the western edge of the city and is home to Feng Chia and Tunghai Universities. It is also the location of many of the new, fashionable shopping areas in the city and is the area of greatest growth. The Taichung Industrial Park, World Trade Center, and the Chaoma Bus Station, a major embarkation point from the city. Major department stores include Idee, Shinkong Mitsukoshi, and Tiger City.

*'''South District''', (南區): Occupying the southernmost part of the city, it is home to National Chung Hsing University and the Taichung Industrial High School.

*'''West District''', (西區): West District is home to the National Fine Arts Museum as well as the Municipal Cultural Center. A lot of cultural activities were held here. This area is also known for its restaurants, which have attracted many people come with their reputation for exotic cuisine. Taichung’s City Hall is here, as is National Taichung University. Sogo Department store is in the northern part of the district.

===Climate===

{{Climate
| border="1" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" align="left"  
| units = Metric
| janhigh =  22
| febhigh =  22
| marhigh =  25
| aprhigh =  28
| mayhigh =  30
| junhigh =  32
| julhigh =  33
| aughigh =  32
| sephigh =  31
| octhigh =  30
| novhigh =  26
| dechigh =  24
| janlow =  12
| feblow =  13
| marlow =  16
| aprlow =  19
| maylow =  22
| junlow =  24
| jullow =  25
| auglow =  24
| seplow =  24
| octlow =  21
| novlow =  17
| declow =  14
| janprecip =  36
| febprecip =  88
| marprecip =  94
| aprprecip =  135
| mayprecip =  225
| junprecip =  343
| julprecip =  246
| augprecip =  317
| sepprecip =  98
| octprecip =  16
| novprecip =  19
| decprecip =  26
| description = '''Central Weather Bureau seven day forecast for Taichung''': [http://www.cwb.gov.tw/]
}}
 	
Taichung is blessed with pleasant climate. It is often compared to California because of the frequency of dry and sunny days. The subtropical monsoon climate gives Taichung south wind from June to August and north wind from October to May. The highest temperature appears in the summer months of July, August, and September, and the lowest temperature arrives in the winter months of January and February. The difference in temperature between summer and winter seldom exceeds about 16c. There are short periods during the winter when the temperature barely rises much above 10c. The city enjoys mild weather throughout the year, with the average annual temperature being a comfortable 23c. The average annual rainfall is around 1600 mm. The rain falls generously in the wet season (May – August) and scarcely in the dry season (October – February). Typhoons often bring very heavy rainfall and flooding, however, the unique landform of the basin means that the city suffers less than other areas in Taiwan. The basin also creates air quality problems during the dry season.

==Get in==

===By bus===
Bus is the most convenient, comfortable, and least expensive option. From Taipei Bus Station, take Ubus (統聯客運), Kuo-Kuang Bus (國光客運) or Ho Hsin (和欣客運）to either Taichung Bus Terminal for the central area, or to Chaoma Station for the west and Feng Chia areas.  Tickets generally cost around NT$250.  Buses depart several times an hour and run 24 hours. The entire ride is about 2.5 to 3 hours long.

===By train===

All Taiwan High Speed Rail (HSR) trains between [[Taipei]] and [[Kaohsiung]] stop at Taichung.  The High Speed Rail station is located on the outskirts of Taichung.  You can take a regular train between the two stations in about six minutes, in addition, a free bus is available to take HSR passengers downtown, to the universities, etc.

In addition, Taichung is a major stop along the Western Line with all north and south bound trains a making a stop here.  Express trains (ZiQiang) are NT$375 from Taipei and NT$470 from Kaohsiung.  Midrange ticket prices (Jukuang class) typically run around NT$289 from [[Taipei]] or NT$363 from [[Kaohsiung]]. The entire trip takes about three hours from both Taipei and Kaohsiung.  The Western Line station is located in central Taichung.

===By car===

You can rent a small car for about 2200 NT per day.

===By plane===

Taichung International Airport operates domestic flights to Hualien, Penghu, Kinmen and Matsu, and international flights to destinations in Japan, Korea, China, Vietnam, Macau, Hong Kong, and Thailand. The new international terminal is modern, clean, and easy to navigate.

Access to the city is via several bus routes, including the A1, A2, and A3 airport express routes. There are also bus routes connecting the airport to Taichung High Speed Rail Station and Sun Moon Lake.

==Get around==

Unlike Taipei and Kaohsiung, the MRT system is not very well-developed in Taichung. Fortunately, Taichung City has a fully developed bus system. All buses announce the station name in Mandarin, Taiwanese, Hakka, and English. One way to find how to get around by bus is to use Google Maps, but its real-time bus information is often inaccurate. The BusTracker Taichung app provides more accurate information and can plan routes in the same way as Google Maps.

Buses in Taichung are free within 10km with the use of an EasyCard, iPass, or iCash card.

Traveling by scooter is a convenient option.  For those with a Taiwanese driver's license, renting a scooter can be done.  Otherwise, you will need to take taxis.  Taxis are convenient, and fares start at NT$85 at flag-fall.  Tips are not required.  The downtown area is sufficiently compact to make it easy to get around on foot, although many shop owners will utilize the sidewalk in front of their business. This can make walking something of an ordeal, dodging traffic as you are forced to walk on the street.

Uber is also available in Taichung and is often cheaper and easier to use than taxis. Since Dec 1 2019, Uber is now slightly more expensive than Taxi but still comes in handy given most Taichung taxi driver does not speak English. 

The Taichung MRT green line runs from Taichung High Speed Rail Station, down Wenxin Rd, to Beitun.

==See==

* '''National Museum of Natural Science''',[http://www.nmns.edu.tw/index_eng.html] This is a very large and elaborate science themed museum, actually composed of seven museums in one.  Its Science Center features a huge assortment of "hands-on" exhibits that demonstrate scientific principles.  The separate Life Sciences section is also very large.  There's also a large botanical garden with an impressive greenhouse and a giant mosquito, an earthquake museum, greenhouse, global cultures and global environment museums, as well as theaters.  Can easily spend more than a day here, especially with kids. It should be noted that the majority of the exhibits have accompanying information only in Chinese. While it is easy to make sense of the scientific experiments by pushing buttons and seeing what happens, the archaeology and Chinese antiquity parts, that are necessarily less hands on, can be daunting. 1 Guanchien Road. Tel:''+886 4'' 2322-6940 - Open:9AM-5PM (closed Mondays) 

* '''National Taiwan Museum of Fine Arts''', 2 Wu Quan West Road, Sec.1 Tel:''+886 4'' 2372-3552 -  Open:9AM~5PM. Closed on Mondays.  The Fine Arts museum is a very large and elaborate modern arts museum, featuring rotating visual exhibits.  The museum also has a very elaborate children's section, featuring hands-on art exhibits and creative playthings.  There's also a children's reading room in the basement with Chinese and English books.  Bring your children.  Admission is free. 

*'''Rainbow Village''', A painting village which is located in Nantun District. This place has become the most popular attraction in Taichung. It was created by former soldier, Huang Yung-Fu, who was born in Taishan county, Guangdong province in 1924. Over the years his colourful artwork, which includes birds, animals and people, has spread over the remaining houses in the village, which once contained 1,200 homes.

*'''Taichung Folklore Park''', This park is dedicated to presenting a more traditional Taiwanese way of life.  It includes a combination of authentic and recreated buildings and streets in an attempt to recreate a more rustic Taiwan.  It is small, but well worth the visit at 50 NT and the lack of these kinds of buildings anywhere else in Taichung.  To get here, you can take buses 31, 33 or 105 as lonely planet suggests, but these will take you a long time to get there.  An easier option would be to get a taxi or other city bus to the intersection of Rehe Road and WenXin Road, then walk the three blocks North.

*'''921 Earthquake Museum of Taiwan''', This museum is located in Wufeng District. With the rebuilding of Kwangfu Junior High on its present site, the Earthquake Memorial Museum was renamed the 921 Earthquake Museum of Taiwan on February 13, 2001. The new plan retains the original sites as a record of the damage wrought by the earthquake, and it also adds techonological and educational facilities designed to inform the public and school children about earthquakes and disaster readiness. 

*'''Taichung Winery''', Dating back to the Japanese-era, this still- operational winery also includes a Wine Museum, which has displays on wine-making and the history of the winery. It is located in the Taichung Cultural Heritage Park which has interesting expos, art exhibits and shops.

* '''Liuchuan Riverside Walk (柳川水岸步道)''', is a new development along the Liuchuan stream that has turned a polluted waterway into a relaxed streamside walk that is lit up at night. It is particularly popular around Christmas time with a large Christmas tree set up in the middle of the stream. The nearby Luchuan (綠川親水步道) near Taichung Train Station has been similarly developed.

*'''Wenying Hall''', A frequent venue for local art exhibitions and events.  It includes an art display area along with a folk art museum and Zhongzheng Hall.

* '''National Taichung Theater''', A world-class opera house designed by famous architect Toyo Ito. The building is a wonder to explore, as well as its rooftop garden, and often plays host to various local and international performances.

* '''Qiqi (七期)''', is the skyscraper district of Taichung, centred around the National Theatre, with some interesting architecture that is lit up at night. Good views are available from Maple Garden Park and the rooftop bar at Millenium Hotel Taichung.

* '''Taichung City Hall''', located in the most developed district of the city is build by world classed architect, Weber+Hofer AG Architects. This is not only a city hall but offers a big plaza with water, trees, birds, and flowers.

*'''Stock 20''', This converted railroad warehouse provides exhibition space for regular displays of modern art.  Adjacent warehouses have been converted to provide studio space for local and foreign artists, and are frequently open to the public.

* '''Dasyueshan''' (Great Snow Mountain) National Forest Recreational Area [http://www1.forest.gov.tw/RA_En_JP/0300003/RA_EN-01.htm]
* <see name="Gaomei Wetland (高美濕地)" alt="Dajia, Taichung," address="Taichung City Qingshui Dist.Gaomei Wetland" url="https://taiwanday.com/gaomei-wetland/" long="">The area between land and water, submerged throughout the year or periodically, was a Japanese man-made beach during the Japanese Rule. The sea water was clear, and the sand was fine and dense; as a result, at the time, the beach was as popular as the wetland is now. The sediment problem on the beach, induced by the completion of the Port of Taichung, drove away tourists and eventually, the beach was shut down. After 20 years of inactivity, the abundance of natural resources and migrations from flocks of birds brought people’s attention back to this beach. After that, in the 93rd year of the Republic Era, the government announced this area as “Gaomei Wetland Preservation Area.</see>

==Do==
*<do name="The Parkway" alt="" address="" directions="" phone="" url="" hours="" price="" lat="" long="">This narrow corridor of greenery forms a pleasant parkway which runs south/north between the Museum of Fine Arts and the National Museum of Natural Science, intersected by the main Taizhonggang Rd.  You can spend minutes or hours walking along it, or just relax in one of the parks.

'''The southern end''' is home to the Art Museum with Modern and Traditional exhibits, a cafe on the third floor and a garden area which is particularly popular with families at the weekend.  Linked to the Art Museum is the Taichung City Cultural Affairs Bureau, with a large reading room among other facilities. 

'''At the north end''' of the Parkway behind the Science Museum is a botanical garden home to interesting plants and trees (with a few dinosaurs hiding in them).  You can climb to the top of the little hill and listen to the birds singing.  Some Taichung residents do Tai Chi and other exercises outside the Museum, early in the morning.

'''Beyond the botanical garden''', is a cycle track and path where the greenery continues through a more residential area.  The gardens here are carefully tended by locals.  The roses create beautiful perfumes in the evening.  Shops on either side include cafe's, restaurants and a 24 hour optician.  If you continue walking along this path, it takes you east, past the university hospital to another nice place - Zhongzheng Park.  Here there is an open-air swimming pool, old style benches and a foot massage path.  

From '''Zhongzheng Park''', North and across the river is the Baojue Temple.  South of the park is the Yizhong Street area, Confucius Temple, Martyrs Shrine, Chungyo department store, Taichung Gym and Taichung Park.</do>

* '''Taichung Touch Rugby''', [http://http://www.taichungtouchrugby.com//]. Mixed touch rugby every Sunday from 3pm at Taichung's Morrison Academy. All nationalities and levels are welcome. Taichung Touch Rugby also competes in island wide tournaments throughout the year.

* '''Taichung Tubbies Football Team''', [http://www.geocities.com/taichungtubbies/]. Expat soccer team based in Taichung. Play friendly games of football in Taichung, and compete in tournaments island-wide.

* '''Hiking''' DaKeng in BeiTun District has several hiking paths along elevated wooden walkways.  Trails are connected and some loop to connect with other trails.  Trail #5 leads to the highest point in Taichung City.

*'''Feng Chia Night Market''' (逢甲夜市), A large night market in Taichung. It's popular with teenagers and there's lots to buy, including restaurants and vendors selling many popular Taiwanese dishes. Beware on Fridays and weekends however--it can be very crowded. Also look out for the deep fried oreo store on the main road (they also sell deep fried snickers and twix).

'''Clothes Stores at FCNM'''

* '''Michael Guai Store''', basement of Wenhua Rd.  All the clothes are the same price and are all the store's own brand.  All the clothes labels have robots patterns.

* '''Jin Sha Pu'''.  A small store with exotic clothes.  They sell long skirts with small floral prints. They also sell bags and accessories. The owner selects all of the merchandise herself, based on what she believes young women in Taiwan would like.

* '''Shuen Yi Chi Shr(尋衣啟事)''',This store sells a variety of Chinese traditional costumes. The whole store has an strong Chinese style. They sell many different types of Chinese clothing in adult and children’s sizes, qipao and women’s undershirts that were once used in place of bras.

* '''Ecstasy''' On Feng Chia Road. They make their own clothes. They also sell T-shirts with their own logo on them. It’s an image of a boy with an elephant’s trunk for a nose. These are very cute and unique.  The clothing is popular with young people. They also sell Japanese clothes, motorcycle helmets, hats and other fashion accessories.

* '''Universe Shop (宇宙百貨)''' On Fuxing Road.  Their signboard is made of light-emitting diodes, so it's easy to find. This large store sells women’s and men’s clothes. They also sell fashion accessories, shoes, bags and hats. Their clothing is popular with young people.


'''Specialty Shops at FCNM'''

* '''Gegeiscoming'''.  This uniquely-named little shop sells hand-made and specialty made items including purses, bags, jewelry, stuffed animals and decorative knickknacks. It is on Lane 20 of Feng Chia Road about 100 meters down on the right. A lot of the items are one of a kind, but the prices are surprisingly low.

* '''Chiao Hui Wang (巧繪網)''' Just to the left of the Flagship Night Market building, there’s a small store that makes souvenir items with photos customers provide. They will print your photos on cups, pillowcases, water bottles and other items. You’ll see the words Chiao Hui Wang on the wall next to the door way. When you walk in, you’ll see many examples of the products they make displayed on shelves. The prices depend on what you want to buy. For example, a water bottle costs around NT150. Most items will be ready the next day.

* '''Fu Man Men(福滿門)''' The Flagship Mall is a collection is a two-story building filled with small specialty shops and food vendors.From the gate of Feng Chia University, it's a couple of blocks down on the right-hand side. There's a big sign on the building, so you can't miss it. Fu Man Men is a small shop at the end of the main hallway on the left. This shop works from photos you provide to create animated likenesses that they print on coffee cups, pillows and T-shirts. They also offer the animated likenesses as framed paintings. The  most unique offering at this shop are the animated statuettes they also make based on your photos. You may purchase a single statuette, or you can buy a custom-designed diorama. The examples in the shop windows include a family posed in their living room. These statuettes are really cute, and they take about 7-10 days to be completed. The prices are based on what you would like them to make from your photos.

* '''wire vendor(鐵絲小販)''' Heading down Wenhua Rd. from the gate of Feng Chia University, you'll see a brightly-colored vendor stand on your left about 50 meters past a big concrete archway. One reason why the stand is so colorful is that they sell custom-made souvenirs made from colored wire, and they have many examples of their work hanging on the stand. The souvenirs cost as little as NT50, and the price depends on what type you want and how many different colors of wire you'd like to include. The examples they have on display include outline shapes of Taiwan, stars and various animals, like cats. Getting more complex, some of the outlines have words such as 'Taiwan' and people's names inside them in either Chinese or English. The owner of the stand has a pad of paper you can use to draw what you'd like your souvenir to look like. Some people just choose to have them make one with their Chinese or English name, but they can make any kind of simple design you can draw and they'll twist it together with as many different colors of wire as you'd like. You want a pink heart with your boyfriend's name inside? Just ask! The finished designs are made with various kinds of connectors, so you can use them as key fobs or attach them to your backpack or cell phone. It takes about an hour to produce most designs, and then you'll have a cute memento of your Feng Chia Night Market visit.

'''A One Day Trip Visitor's Example for FCNM'''
If you ride a motorcycle to Feng Chia Night Market, you should try to find an empty spot on any of the small side streets. Parking monitors gives tickets to scooters parked on the main roads. It costs NT 20 per hour to park on main roads around Feng Chia Night Market. If you drive a car, finding a place to park on the street is almost impossible, so you’ll have to park in one of the many pay lots in the area. You can’t miss them because they have people with flashlights trying to wave you in. Parking costs NT50 to park for the entire evening. However you go to Feng Chia Night Market, you should go there early because the later you go there, the more crowded it is. 
First, you may want to get something to drink. You can buy taro ball tea at KOI tea shop on Fu-Xhin Road. It is delicious! Another choice is winter melon tea on Qing-He St. Winter melon tea is a Taiwanese specialty. It is not too sweet. You might also try ice black tea with tapioca pearls at Happiness Ice Black Tea on Wenhua Road. They use crushed ice in their drinks so they stay cold for a long time, and the pearls are very delicious because their tapioca pearls are handmade. It is really worthwhile to try it. 
Next, we suggest that you walk around and visit various specialty shops while you enjoy your drink. There is a special vendor that sells decorative items made from colored wire. They will make one with your name or an image such as the island of Taiwan or an animal shape. These are made to be used as key chains or cell phone fobs. These are all made by hand, so they are very unique. They are also nice gifts or souvenirs. After you tell them what you want, your selection will be ready in about an hour.
Now it is snack time. First, you should try Wu Tsay Sau between Alley 28 and Alley 10 on Feng Chia Road LN.20. The sign says 新鮮烏賊 + 海 鮮燉飯=烏賊燒. This means cuttlefish + squid with rice = cuttlefish squid. Because they only sell one thing, all you have to do is tell them how many you want. It will cost you NT55. Another choice is a store named Ying Mu Ding. It is near the Wu Tsay Sau store on Alley 10 of Feng Chia Road LN.20. They take fried noodles and some Chinese cabbage and serve it in a white bread roll. It is a really delicious snack.
After having some snacks, you can visit Feng Chia University to take a rest. You can enjoy your snack and do some people watching. It is a really big campus, and many people use the campus as a public park. You can watch students playing basketball, visit the bookstore, or just walk around. 
Finally, maybe you’d like to enjoy a late dinner. One special restaurant is named Do What on Lane 150 of Wenhua Road. They sell some Western foods such as spaghetti and chicken with rice. They also sell a variety of snacks. The real reason to go there is to play the games they have there. The games are all from Western countries. If you lose at the games, the restaurant has many strange punishments, such as wearing an Afro wig or big eyeglasses, or word cards with punishment sentences written on them. The restaurant’s name is to make people remember it easily. Do What is compelling.

===Traditional Markets===
Traditional markets in Taiwan are aggregations of a variety of different types of vendors. The defining feature of traditional markets is vendors who sell fresh and processed produce and meat. Intermingled with these vendors are other vendors selling a wide variety of items ranging from specialty food items to common household items to clothing and shoes to tools. The term 'traditional market' may refer to a single, enclosed area or to a general aggregation of vendors along the roads of a given area. These areas also commonly include restaurants and beverage shops. Many people in Taiwan purchase their food daily daily at traditional markets.  

* '''Xiang Shang Market (向上市場)''' - Opening hours: 7:00am~2:00pm 
Address: 台中市西區向上路一段218巷 Ln. 218, Sec. 1, Xiangshang Rd., West Dist., Taichung City 

There is a parking lot about 100m from the intersection of Zhongmei and Xianshang Roads. Of course you can park a scooter just about anywhere, but the streets, lanes and alleys are small and jam packed. 
'''洪紅茶冰 (Hong Iced Black Tea)''' is on Zhongmei Road about 25 meters from Xianshang Road. This is a small cart with has a red sign and yellow letters that say 洪紅茶冰 (Hong Iced Black Tea). They only sell iced black tea, so all you have to do is tell them how many you want and what size-大,中,小 (da, zhong, xiao). A small is 10NT, a medium is 15 NT, and a large is 20 NT. '''向上水餃 (Xianshang Dumplings)''' is on Zhongmei Road about 100m from Xianshang Road next to a small alley. It’s a small stand with a white sign with red letters that say 向上水餃 (Xiang Shang Dumplings). There are also two larger signs that are red with white letters that say the same thing. They sell boiled dumplings with pork filling for 2NT each. You just ask for how many you want. You can get these to go, or you can sit at a table in a small area behind the stand. Also, you can buy uncooked dumplings to bring home. Just tell them how many you want ‘冷凍’ (ren dong), which means uncooked. The oldest, original part of the market is a covered walkway on Zhongmei Road about 100m from Xianshang Road. There are many different types of vendors in here, but none of them are especially unique or interesting. In sum, they pretty much sell stuff you can buy just about anywhere. There is probably no article of Taiwanese food you couldn’t find here. Walking through here gives you a real idea of what an old Chinese marketplace must have been like.  At the intersection of 向上北路 (Xianshang Bei Road) and 向上北路224巷 (Xianshang Bei Road Lane 224 ), there are two vendors that have some of the lowest prices in the area for fruits and vegetables. The fruit vendor is on Xianshang Bei Road to the left of the entrance of the covered market area, and the vegetable vendor is about 25m down Lane 224 on your left. Both of these places sell by the piece or by weight. You may see hand written signs that say things like 4把50元or 4顆100元 which means how many of something you get for how much money. '''專賣澎湖空運海產 (Specialty Vendor of Peng hu Air Freight Seafood)''' On Lane 224 inside the covered area of the market, there is a small seafood vendor. This vendor has a white sign with blue and red writing on it. The name on the sign says 專賣澎湖空運海產 (Specialty Vendor of Peng hu Air Freight Seafood). It is about 50m down the lane on your right. As with most seafood vendors, you buy by weight. Under a green awning at the corner of 向上北路 (Xianshang Bei Road) and 華美路 (Huamei Road) there is a restaurant with no name. They have a red sign with white letters that gives the names and prices of the food. One good thing to try here is 魯肉飯 (Lou Rou Fan) which is soy sauce-marinated ground pork over rice. One bowl costs 25 NT. On Huamei Road about 25m form Xianshang Road, there is a small restaurant that sells 4 things - 肉燥飯 (Rou Zao Fan) is 20 NT, 魷魚肉羹麵/飯/米粉/冬粉 (Youyu Rou Geng Mian/ Fan/ Mi Fen/ Dong Fen) is 30 NT. This is a kind of thick soup served over your choice of different types of noodles or rice. 魷魚肉羹 (Youyu Rou Geng) is 30 NT and 乾麵 (Gan Mian) is 20 NT. There is a large sign with a picture of rose on it high above the street with the name of the place on it. Over the cooking area at the front of the restaurant, there is a yellow sign with the names of the dishes on it. You have to tell them what you want, and they will ask you 內用外帶 (Nei Yong Wai Dai) which means “for here or go.” The seating area is small, and second place dose a lot of business. This place does a lot of business because the food is delicious and cheap. If you want 內用 (Nei Yong), you may have to wait a while. You should be happy with whatever you ask for. On Xianshang Bei Road a short distance away from the market, there is a restaurant an the left side of the street as you approach 美村路 (Meicun Road). This is a place that sells 清蒸肉圓 (steamed ba wan) in a special, delicious sauce. They have a large, white sign that says 狀元 (Chuang Yuen) in green and 清蒸肉圓 (Ching Jen Rou Yuan), which roughly translates as ‘top student’ steamed glutinous rice flour dumplings. Though the name is a bit self explanatory, it may be helpful to know that these are large, gloopy, semi - transparent dumplings with pork filling. Most places sell ba wan fried, but this is one of the few in Taichung that sells them steamed. Just ask for一份 (Yi Fen) and you get one serving of 2 ba wan. They also have a full menu of standard Chinese fare. '''阿川鵝肉 (A Chan E Rou)''' At the intersection of 美村路一段 (Meicun Road) and 中美街224巷 (Zhongmei Street Lane 224) there is a restaurant that sells 鵝肉 (goose) They have a large sign that says 阿川鵝肉 (A Chan E Rou) in white with a picture of goose on it. They sell by weight. They will ask you which part of goose you want.

* '''Jianguo Market (建國市場)''' - Opening hours:
Address: 台中市東區建國路 224 號 No.224, Jianguo Rd., East Dist., Taichung City 

Jianguo market is at the corner of 建國路 (JianguoRoad) and 八德街 (Bade Street) near the main train station. The market runs for about two blocks along Bade Street, and there are also many vendors along the side streets off of Bade Street. This is the biggest traditional market in Taichung. Aside from being a market for everyday shoppers, it is also a wholesale market, supplying other traditional markets and restaurants in Taichung. Look for signs that say 寄車 (Ji Che), which are for pay parking. These usually charge 30NT per hour. You can also park your car or motorcycle at the intersection of 八德街 (Bade Street) and 復興路四段 (Fuxing Road Section 4). Someone will clip a ticket onto your car or motorcycle, and you can then go to any convenience store to pay the parking fee. The fee is printed on the ticket. Inside the market building at the corner of Jianguo and Bade Street there is a warren of small vendors selling everything from household items to frog’s legs.
'''蘋果專賣店 (Specialty Vendor of Apples)''' On 八德街 (Bade Street) about 500m from the bridge at Fuxing Road, there is a stand with red canvas and white letters that say 蘋果專賣店 (Specialty Vendor of Apple). They sell apples based on the sizes of the apples. For example, you can get 3 large apples for 100NT, or 13 smaller apples for the same price. You can buy the apples in a bag or they will place them in a gift box. '''雪農產行(Xue Agricultural Production)''' On 新民街 (Xinmin Street) about 30m from 南京路 (Nanjing Road), there is a sign with red and green letters that say 雪農產行(Xue Agricultural Production). They sell a variety of vegetables. You may see handwritten signs that say things like 一把10元, 一斤30元, 一粒5元 or 一條10元, which means how many of something you get for how much money. '''三郎水果行 (San Lang Fruit Vendor)''' This is a popular fruit vendor on 武德街 (Wude Street) about 20m from 八德街 (Bade Street). It’s always the most crowded fruit vendor at this market. They sell just about any kind of fruit you can imagine. The stand has a red canvas awning with green letters that say 三郎水果行 (San Lang Fruit Vendor). They sell fruit by weight or by the piece. '''萬家香 (Wan Jia Shiang)''' There is a store called 萬家香 (Wan Jia Xiang) at 建國路228號 (228 Jianguo Road). This store has a red sign and white letters. It sells cured meat, pork sausage and liver sausage. Their most popular product is ham. '''阿鄉 (A Shiang)''' Many blogs recommend a small restaurant, that’s right inside the large market building at the corner of Jianguo and Bade Street. There is a small sign on the wall in front of the restaurant that says 阿鄉 (A Shiang) 1987. It is open daily from 7am till 2pm, and it is closed on Mondays. They sell 雞腿飯 (ji tui fan - chicken leg with rice), 排骨飯 (pai gu fan – pork filet with rice) and 爌肉飯 (kuang rou fan – pork belly with rice).  On the blogs we read, people say their meals are very delicious, so even though it is small and dingy, it is worth a try. When you order a meal like ji tui fan (chicken leg with rice), you have to select three side dishes from the display case. You can just point at what you want. The prices are on the wall behind the counter. Ji tui fan, for example, costs 70NT. '''聖芸 (Sheng Yun)''' vegetarian restaurant is at 建國路197號 (197 Jianguo Road). It has a white sign and red letters. It is open from 6:30am to 1:30pm. They sell many kinds of noodles, soups and a tasty kind of ground pork with rice. The most popular soup is jute soup because while jute soup generally tastes bitter, the soup here does not.

* '''Second Market (第二市場)''' - Opening hours:6:30am~3:00pm
Address: 台中市中區三民路2 段87 號 No.87, Sec. 2, Sanmin Rd., Central Dist., Taichung City  

At Second Market all of the vendors are under one roof. There is a map of the layout of the market at each entrance. Second Market assigns numbers to all of the vendors. In the descriptions of selected vendors below, the ‘vendor number’ is the number assigned to the vendor by the market authority. The numbers include the Chinese characters 臨 (lin) and 內 (nei). For example, if a vendor’s number is 臨175, there will be black letters on the vendor’s stand.
'''菜頭粿王糯米腸 (Radish Cake Wong Sticky Rice Sausage)''' is at 三民路二段87號 (87 Sanmin Rd, Sec.2). It is a small vendor’s stand. It has a yellow sign with red letters that say 菜頭粿王糯米腸 (Radish Cake Wong Sticky Rice Sausage). It also has black letters that say 臨175 on it. It has another white sign with red letters that say 菜頭粿+米腸+蛋 55, which means radish cake plus sticky rice sausage plus egg cost 55NT. Just say 一份菜頭粿+米腸+蛋 (yi fen tsai tou  guei jia mi chang jia dan). They also sell 甜不辣 (tempura), 大腸 (pork intestines), and soup. It is open from 7am to 6pm. You can get this to go, or you can eat it at tables. '''三代福州意麵 (Three Generations Fuzhou Yee Mien)''' Just across the street from this vendor, there is a white sign with red letters that say 三代福州意麵 (Three Generations Fuzhou Yee Mien) and blue letters that say 餛飩‧福州魚丸‧排骨 (won ton, fu jou fish balls, pai gu). It is open 8:30am to 4:30pm. This is a small restaurant that sells many kinds of noodle dishes, 糯米腸 (sticky rice sausage), 滷味 (soya-mixed meat)  and soup. You can order 一碗乾意麵 (yi wan gan yee mien). One bowl costs 40NT. When you order something, they will ask 內用外帶? (nei yong wai dai?), which means, ‘for here or to go?’ There are many tables inside where you can sit. You can also buy uncooked won ton to bring home. A box of won ton costs 120NT. Also, you can buy a bottle of their special sauce 麻醬 (ma jiang). One bottle costs 150NT. Their number is 內153. '''楊田肉舖 (Yang Tian Meat Vendor)''' Near the hexagonal pillar in the center of the market, there is a white sign with black letters that say 專賣黑豬肉 (Specialty Vendor of Black Pork). It also has red letters that say 楊田肉舖 (Yang Tian Meat Vendor) with their telephone number on it. It has a white board with blue letters that say 今日肉價 (today’s prices). There is also a sign that says TFP (Taiwan Fresh Pig) on a black pig’s body. This is a quality mark for pork in Taiwan. It is closed on Mondays. They sell 里肌肉 (li ji rou – pig’s back), 五花肉 (wu hua rou – pig’s belly) and 胛心肉 (jia shin rou – near the pig’s front of feet). This meat vendor is the most popular one at Second Market. You can choose which meat you want and look at the white board to check the price.''' 三寶剉冰 (san bao Shaved Ice)''' is on 三民路二段第二市場三之一 (Sanmin Rd, Sec.2, Second Market Third of First). It has a banner with dark red letters that say 第二市場三寶剉冰 (Second Market Shan Bau Shaved Ice) and blue letters that say 各式剉冰 (many kinds of shaved ice). They sell 剉冰 (shaved ice), 咖啡 (coffee), 柳橙汁 (orange juice), 檸檬汁 (lemon juice), 木瓜牛奶 (papaya with milk) and 酪梨牛奶 (avocado with milk). The shaved ice is served in bowls and mixed with various ingredients. One good thing to try here is 一碗綜合剉冰 (yi wan zong he cuo bing). This is a bowl of shaved ice served with red beans, peanuts, pearl barley, and sweet beans. One bowl costs 40NT. '''李海魯肉飯 (Lee Hai Braised Pork Rice)''' Their vendor number is 內 98. It has a yellow sign with red letters that say 李海魯肉飯 (Lee Hai Braised Pork Rice). It is open from 5pm to 5am. A small is 45NT and a large is 55NT. You can say 一碗大的魯肉飯 (yi wan da de lou rou fan), which is braised pork served over rice. You can get this to go, or sit at tables.''' 山河魯肉飯 (Shan Ho Braised Pork Rice)''' Another good place to get braised pork dishes here is 山河魯肉飯 (Shan Ho Braised Pork Rice). Their vendor number is 內 103. It has a red sign with yellow letters that say 第二市場山河魯肉飯 (Second Market Shan Ho Braised pork rice). There is also another large sign that is red with white letters that say the same thing. It is open from 4am to 2:30pm. You can ask for 一碗魯肉飯 (yi wan lou rou fan), which is braised pork served over rice . One bowl costs 45NT. It has two dinning areas, so you can eat it there or get it to go. Both 李海魯肉飯 (Lee Hai Braised Pork Rice) and 山河魯肉飯 (Shan Ho Braised Pork Rice) are famous for their delicious braised pork rice. '''茂川肉丸 (Mao Chuan Meat Balls)''' is outside the market at 中正路225號 (225 Zhongzheng Rd). It has an orange sign with red letters that say茂川肉丸 (Mao Chuan Meat Balls) and black letters that say 原丁山肉圓 (Yuen Ding Shan Meat Balls). Their vendor number is A01. There is also another large sign that is red with white letters that say the same thing. They sell 意麵 (yee mien), 餛飩麵 (won ton noodles), 肉丸 (meat balls) and soup. This is a small restaurant that has an air conditioned dining area. '''顏記肉包 (Yan Ji Meat buns)''' is at 三民路二段103號 (103 Sanmin Rd, Sec.2). It has a yellow sign that says 顏記三代老店餛飩湯 (Yan Ji San Dai Lao Dian Hun Dun Tang ) in red, 肉包正第二市場 (Rou Bao Zheng Di Er Shi Chang) in blue and A17 in black. There is another sign with orange and green letters that say the same thing on the glass. They only sell two things － 肉包 (meat buns) and 餛飩湯 (won ton soup). A typical order here is 一顆肉餛包和一飩碗湯 (yi ke rou bao han yi wan huen duen tang) which means one meat bun and a bowl of won ton soup. Each Meat bun costs 30NT and won ton soup costs 40NT. You can eat there or get it to go.

* '''Third Market (第三市場)''' - Opening hours:
Address: 台中市南區臺中路 90 號 No.90, Taichung Rd., South Dist., Taichung City 

Third Market runs for about one block on Heping Road and for a couple of blocks in either direction where Heping Road intersects with Minyi Street. The area has a covering of colorful plastic streamers stretched between the buildings over the streets. '''蔡紅豆餅 (Tsai Red Bean Cake)''' is on Heping St right at the market entrance. This is a small cart. It has a purple sign with yellow letters and red letters that say蔡紅豆餅 (cai hong dou bing). It sells 紅豆餅 (red bean cake), 奶油餅 (butter cake), and 蘿蔔絲 (radish silk cake). You can ask for 一個紅豆餅 (yi ge hung dou bing) to get a red bean cake. Each cake costs 7NT and three cost 20NT. '''廣記肉鬆專門店 (Guang Ji Fried Pork Fiber Specialty Shop)''' is at和平街13號 (13 Heping Street). The opening hours are 9am to 8pm. It has a white sign with red and blue letters with the name of the shop on it. It has been in business for 70 years. They sell 肉乾 (dried meat), 香腸 (sausage) and 肉鬆 (shredded pork). 肉鬆 (rou sung) costs 300NT per 300 grams. You can also buy a gift box and choose what you want to put in it. '''榮記餅店 (Rong Ji Cake Shop)''' is at 復興路三段370巷11號 (370 Fuxing Road, Section 3, Lane 11). It has a yellow sign with dark red letters and has been in business for many years. They sell delicious cakes. 兩相好 (liang shiang hau–fried bread) costs 220NT per 600 grams, and 鹹蛋糕 (shian dan gau–salty cake) costs 150NT per 600 grams. These are two of their most delicious selections. They also sell 檸檬蛋糕 (ning meng dangao – lemon cake) 鳯梨酥 (feng li su – pineapple cake) and 老婆餅 (lau po bing – a sweet cake) by the piece for 20NT. '''紅茶 (Hong Cha Cart)''' – There is a no-name cart that has a yellow sign with black letters that say 紅茶 (hong cha) at 民意街53號 (53 Minyi Street). They sell 紅茶冰 (iced black tea), and their opening hours are 9am to 6pm. A medium (中 – zhong) is 25NT, and a small (小 – small) is 20NT. You can say, 一杯小杯紅茶冰 (Yi bei shiau bei hong cha bing). They also sell 冬瓜茶 (dong gua cha - tea flavored with a Chinese squash) and 咖啡紅茶 (ka fei hung cha-tea flavored with coffee). '''Vegetable Vendor''' – There is a no-name vegetable vendor next to 廣記肉鬆專門店 (Guang Ji Fried Pork Fiber Specialty Shop). All the vegetables there are very fresh. When you buy any vegetable, the vendor will give you a bunch of green onions for free.

* '''Fifth Market (第五市場)''' - Opening hours: 7:00am~2:00pm
Address: 台中市西區大明街 9 號 No.9, Daming St., West Dist., Taichung City

Fifth Market begins at the corner of 大明和自立街 (Daming and Tzli Street). There is a big sign on the building at the corner that says 第五市場 (di wu shr chang), and it also says The Fifth Market in English. The market has stalls, vendors and shops along both Daming and Tzli Street, as well as on 樂群 (Luchuen Street). There are many different vendors and shops inside the building. There is a parking lot on Luchuen Street near Tzli Street. You can also park a scooter on the streets, lanes and alleys. 
'''龍成肉舖 (Long Cheng Meat Vendor)''' is inside the market building near an entrance on 自立街7號 (7 Tzli Street) and 自立街9號 (9 Tzli Street). There is a stand with blue letters that say 龍成肉舖 (Long Cheng Meat Vendor). They sell meat by weight. It is very popular and their meat sells out quickly every day. There are no price signs, so you have to ask the vendor 肉一斤賣多少錢? (Rou yi jin mai duo shao cian?), which means, How much is this? '''聯發製麵廠 (Lian Fa Jhih Mian Chang)''' is at 大明街7號 (7 Daming Street). There is a stand with a yellow sign with blue letters that say 聯發製麵廠 (Lian Fa Jhih Mian Chang). They sell uncooked noodles like 意麵 (Yi Mian) and 全麥麵 (Cyuan Mai Mian). They sell prepackaged noodles and they also sell noodles by weight. 意麵 (Yi Mian) costs 35NT for one small bag. '''大方烤雞 (Da Fang Roast Chicken)''' is inside the market building near an entrance on Tzli Street. There is a stand with a yellow sign with red letters that say 大方烤雞 (Da Fang Roast Chicken). They sell 煙燻烤雞肉/鴨肉/鵝肉 (yan syun kao ji rou, ya rou and e rou- barbequed chicken, duck and goose). A small is serving costs 150NT and a large is 250NT. Just tell them 一份小的or一份大的 (yi fen xiao de) (yi fen da de), which means one small or one large 煙燻烤雞肉/鴨肉/鵝肉 (yan syun kao ji rou, ya rou and e rou). For example, if you want a large serving of chicken, you should say, “Yi fen da de ji rou.” Da Fang Roast Chicken is popular, and many blogs recommend it. There is a vegetable vendor with no name next to Da Fang Roast Chicken. There is a small white sign with blue letters that say GAP (Good Agriculture Practice) displayed on their stand. They sell by piece or by weight. There are no price signs, so you have to ask 怎麼賣? (Ze me mai?), which means, How much is this? And just point at want you want. '''麻糬之家 (Mochi Jhih Jia)''' is inside the market building near an entrance on大明街9之1號 (9-1 Daming Street). There is a stand with a purple sign with white letters that say 麻糬之家 (Mochi Jhih Jia). They sell mochi, herb jelly and vegetarian gelatin. Their mochi is their most well-known item. It comes in three favors- peanut, sesame and red bean. There are signs that say 每盒10粒,一盒50元, which means you get 10 mochi for 50NT. '''太空紅茶冰 (Tai Kong iced black tea)''' is at 樂群街41-1號 (41-1 Luchuen Street). There is a cart with a white sign with small blue letters that say 太空 (Tai Kong). It also has big red letters that say 紅茶冰 (iced black tea). They sell iced black tea in plastic bags and in cups. Previously in Taiwan, drinks were always sold in plastic bags, and some people still prefer to buy it this way. Also, you get more tea for the same amount of money that you pay for a cup.

===Yizhong Street===
Yizhong Street is a night market type of area is located near 中友百貨 (Chungyo Department Store) in the northwest of Taichung. Aside from NTIT and Taichung First High School, there are also many cram schools in the area, so if is always teeming with students. The vendors, shops and restaurants in the area are more or less located there to serve this youthful population. Therefore, most of the shops sell items catered to their tastes, and the vendors and restaurants emphasize low prices and a casual atmosphere. The area more or less centers around the Shuei Li? Buildings Which houses many cram schools. All of the streets, lanes and alleys running in every direction from the Shuei Li building are crammed with shops and vendors, and they are all teeming with young people most of the afternoon and evening and into the night. Besides being close to Chungyo Department Store, Yizhong Street is also close to the Taichung Confucian Temple, the Taichung Baseball Field and Zhongshan Park, and the street address is 台中市404北區一中街 (404 Yizhong Street).

'''Restaurants at Yizhong Street'''

*'''香港故事 (Hong Kong Story)'''
Hong Kong Story is located at 116 Yizhong Street. The sign is black with golden letters that say 香港故事. This is a restaurant that sells Hong Kong-style food, including meals and smacks. The most popular snack is 波蘿油 (Buo Luo You). This is a snack of hot bread with cold butter inside. It costs 45NT for two slices. At this restaurant, you check off what you want on a paper menu and take it to the cashier. Then they will bring what you ordered to your table. You could also tell the clerk, “一份波蘿油”(Yi fen buo luo you) if you want to try the bread. You can choose to eat there or get it to go. If you want to try a meal there, you can ask for a 海鮮火鍋 (Hai shien huo guo), which is a seafood hotpot. They also sell a variety of hot and cold tea drinks.

*'''三時茶房 (San Shih Cha Fang)'''
This tea house is located at 11 Lane 107, Taiping Road (太平路107巷11號). This lane is across from California Fitness. The sign is a red circle board with black letters that say ”ㄙㄢㄕˊ”. These are Taiwanese phonetic symbols which sound like the name of the tea house. Their hours are 11:00a.m. to 10:30p.m. There is a black menu on the wall. They sell almond tea and snacks such as clay oven rolls with fried bread sticks. We ordered one cup of their specialty-almond tea, and it tasted smooth and mellow. The prices are between 35NT and 85NT. If you want a cup of almond tea, say我要一杯杏仁茶 (Wo yao yi bei shing ren cha).

*'''香蕉新樂園 (Banana New Paradise)'''
This restaurant is located at 111 Swan Shi Road Section 2 (雙十路二段111號二段). It has a red wall and a white gate out front, and there are a train beside the building. They sell Hong-Kong-style snacks and hot pot meals. They also sell things like candy and toys. Another special thing about this restaurant is that there is an old railroad car next to the building. It’s like a museum exhibit you can walk around in and imagine what it was like to ride a train many years ago. Single servings of snacks cost between 60 and 100NT, and hot pot meals cost between 200 and 300NT.

*'''Bloody Sonsy Moss'''
There is an old-fashioned, Japanese-style house on a small lane. There is no sign. It looks like a residence with many plants surrounding it. It’s also decorated like a home inside, so it has a relaxing atmosphere. Though it all looks like a Japanese residence, it’s a restaurant that sells spaghetti, sandwiches and coffee. It’s at 7 Lane 75, Taiping Road (太平路75巷7號). Furthermore, there are always a lot of cats hanging around in the area in front of the restaurant. It’s open from 12p.m. to 12a.m. Meals cost 150 to 350NT.  To order a plate of spaghetti with clam and garlic sauce, you should say 一份蒜香蛤蠣義大利麵 (Yi fen suan shiang geli yidalimian). It costs 190NT. It’s a nice place to eat, drink and chat with friends. 

*'''一中豐仁冰 (Yizong Fong Ran Ice)'''
一中豐仁冰 (Yizong Fong Ran Ice) is located in 6 Yee Tsai Street (育才街6號). The stand has a white board with the name of the shop on it. In summer, you may have to wait in line for a long time because it’s very popular. The specialty is 豐仁冰 (Fong Ran Ice). This is crushed ice mixed with plum juice, red beans, and ice cream. If you want to eat this at the shop, you must ask for a bowl 一碗 (Yi Wan). If you want it to go, you must ask for 一杯 (Yi Bei).

'''Food and Drink Vendors at Yizhong Street'''

*'''青蛙下蛋 (Ching Wa Sha Dan)'''
This drinks vendor is located at 43 Yizhong Street, opposite the 水利大樓 (Shuei Li 
Building). They sell drinks made with gelatin mixed with milk or brown sugar water.  It has a big white sign with a green and orange words, and there is a picture of a  frog beside the words. You can choose what you want from the board, and order 一杯 (Yi Bay) for one. 青蛙下蛋 (Ching Wa Sha Dan) also sells vegetarian gelatin combined with lemon. The price is between 25 and 30NT.

*'''半月燒 (Ban Yue Shau)'''
半月燒 (Ban Yue Shau) is at 31 Yutsai South Street (育才南街31號) across from the 水利大樓 (Shuei Li Building). This is the tallest building in the area There’s a yellow sign with a big sign with black letters that say半月燒 (Ban Yue Shau). Under the sign, there are five pictures that show different kinds of pancakes. There are pork, corn, tuna, chicken and beef. These may be ordered with or without cheese. This shop also sells pancakes made with fried eggs and Chinese basil. They cost 35 to 40NT. You can just point at one of the pictures to order, and you can pay 5 dollars to add cheese. To order a chicken flavor for one, you should say 一份雞肉燒 (Yi Fen Ji Rou Shau). It costs 35NT. The vendor will ask you 加起司嗎 (Jia Chisz Ma?), means “ Do you want to add cheese? 

*'''饕饌 (Tau Juan)'''
饕饌 (Tau Juan) is at No.33, Yutsai South Street (台中市育才南街33號 ). It’s next to 半月燒  (Ban Yue Shau).  There’s a big a sign with two pictures of rice balls and clay oven rolls. On the top of the sign there are beige and brown letters that say 饕饌 (Tau Juan). Under the big sign, there’s a small white sign with black letters which lists eight selections. This vendor only sells clay oven rolls and roast rice balls. Both of them are made with pork, chicken, beef or lamb. The filling of the roast rice balls includes pickled cabbage, dried bean curd, stewed egg and fried bread sticks. The fillings of the clay oven rolls are cabbage and diced, preserved radish. These cost between 40 and 45NT. The vendor also adds Taiwanese pickled cabbage to every order for free. The most popular snack is the roast rice balls. To order  roast rice balls with chicken, you should say 一份烤飯糰 (Yi Fen Ji Rou Kau Fan Tuan). It cost 45NT. 

*'''王印乾麵  (Wang Yien noodles)'''
王印乾麵 is located at 65-1 Taiping Road (太平路65號之1). 王印乾麵 (Wang Yien Noodles) is point on a small yellow sign with  yellow words. The specialty at 王印乾麵 (Wang Yien Noodles) is handmade noodles with a spicy sauce. Many people will order this when they visit there. You should ask for 一碗 (Yi Wan) for one, and the price is 30 to 40NT.

*'''山西刀削麵食館 (Shan Shi Dau Shiau Mian Shr Guan)'''
山西刀削麵食館is located at 18 Yutsai South Street (育才南路18號) It has a big white sign with the name of the shop in red words. Its specialties are hand- sliced noodles with beef soup, and木須炒麵 (moo shi chao mian). The price is between 50NT+70NT, and they also sell fried rice and many other  noodle dishes. You should ask for牛肉麵 (a bowl of beef noodles) or 炒麵 ( fried noodles) for one.

*'''胖子雞丁 (Ponz Ji Ding)'''
This vendor is located at 20 Yizhong Street. There is a cartoon man on an orange 
sign with purple letters that say胖子雞丁. Their opening hours are 11:30 a.m. to 11:00
p.m., and they are closed every Tuesday. They sell fried chicken, including chicken 
legs, and chicken breasts. They also sell French fries and various quick-fried vegetables.    There is a menu in Chinese that shows the items and the prices. If you want to buy a small bag of diced chicken, you say 我要一份小的雞丁(Wo yao yi fen hsiao de ji ding). We bought one small bag of fried diced chicken to check it out. It tasted delicious and juicy.  A small one costs 40 NT, and a large bag costs 60NT.

*'''雄爺雞蛋糕 (Shong Ye Ji Dan Gao)'''
This small stand is located at 65-1 Taiping Road (太平路65號之1), next to胖子雞丁 (Ponz Ji Ding). Opposite the building is中興堂 (Zhong Xing Tang). There is a white sign with black letters that say 雄爺雞蛋糕 (Shing Ye Ji Dan Gao). They sell small cakes with different fillings such as chocolate, butter, cheese, or peanuts. There are many small boards below the sign that show the flavors and prices. If you want to want a bag of cheese flavor, you can say 我要一份起士口味的 (Wo yao yi fen cheese kou  wei de). These are small and convenient to eat while you walk around. A small bag of any flavor costs 10NT-20NT.

*'''日式炸物 (Japanese Fry)'''
日式炸物 (Japanese Fry) is an unusual and cheap vendor that has been in the Yizhong Street market area for over 6 years. It’s on Yutsai South Street (育才南街), in front of 一中二街購物廣場 (Yizhong Second Street Shopping Plaza). There’s a blue sign with white letters that say日式炸物 (Japanese Fry), and the small stand is decorated in a Japanese style. The snacks are unique and delicious. They sell fried bananas, fried cheese balls, fried hash browns, and fried chicken speared on skewers. The cost is between 15+ 30NT. One popular snack they sell is fried bananas. A skewer of fried bananas only costs 15NT.  To order a fried bananas, you should say 一份炸香蕉 (Yi Fen Ja Shiang Jieu).

*'''豪大雞排 (Hao Da Ji Pai)'''
Hao Da Ji Pai is located at 49 Yizhong Street. It has a big yellow sign with a chicken picture and red words that say 一中豪大雞排 (Yizhong Hao Da Ji Pai). The wall inside is made of wood. This vendor sells fried food like French fries, quick-fried vegetables, chicken breast filets, and mushrooms. The most popular item is the chicken breast filets. Just say, 一份雞排 ( Yi fen ji pie ) to ask for one. The seller will ask you 要切嗎? (Yao chie ma? ), which means do you want it chopped up or not. It costs 45NT. If you want it spicy you can say, 我要加辣 (Wo yao ja la), and they sprinkle it with cayenne pepper powder.

*'''山姆先生 (Mr. Sam)'''
Mr. Sam is located on Yizhong Street 61 Lane. The sign is black with a yellow cartoon child’s face on it and white words that say 可樂奶 ( Kele Nai). This is a drinks vendor. They sell many different kinds of drinks, and the most special drink is 可樂奶 ( Kele Nai). It is coke with milk tea. If you want to buy a cup of this, you can say 一杯可樂奶 (Yi bei kele nai). It’s a large cup, and it costs 30NT. The seller will ask you 甜度冰塊 (Tian du bing kwai), which means how much sugar and ice do you want. The best way to enjoy this is not too sweet and very cold, so you should say “Ban tan duo bing”.

*'''臭豆腐 (Chou Tofu)'''
This vendor is on Yizhong Street across from 胖子雞丁 (Ponz Ji Ding). The sign si white and red words say 臭豆腐. This vendor has been in business for thirty years. They sell only stinky tofu. This is the small brown squares of fried stinky tofu that many vendors sell, but it’s always fresh and well-prepared. You can say 一份小的 (Yi fen shiao de) for a small box, it costs 30NT, or 一份大的 (Yi fen da de) for a bigger box that costs 40NT. The seller will ask you “Jia la ma?”, which means do you want it spicy. You can choose to eat it there or get it to go.

*'''北京茶燻 (Bei Jing Cha Shien)'''
This vendor is on Yizhong Street near the A-Sir tea shop. Its sign is black and with red words with the vendor’s name on it. They sell cold boiled food like blood rice cake, chicken leg, beans, tofu and meatballs. You put the items into a small basket yourself, and they chop it up and put into a bag for you to eat with skewers. Each item costs 10NT. You can say, “Wo ye ja la”, which means do you want to add spice. The seller will ask you, “Yau ja swan tsai ma?”, which means do you want Chinese pickled cabbage or not. The rice sausage and blood rice cake are very good at this vendor. If you have no idea about what you should try, just grab a bunch of stuff and see how you like it.

*'''打餅舖 (Da Bing Pu)'''
At 83 Yizhong Street near 豪大雞排 (Hao Da Chi Pie). There is a vendor stand with a red sign with white words that say 打餅舖. This vendor sells Chinese pancakes. Their top most popular flavors are pictured on a placard over the stand. The best-seller is Chinese pickled cabbage with cheese and egg. However, we thought that cheese with egg was better than that because we tried both of them. It cost 30NT for the cheese with egg, and the Chinese pickled cabbage with cheese and egg costs 35NT. You can say “我要一份起士蛋”(Woy au yi fen chiz dan) for cheese flavor, or “我要一份酸菜起士” (Woy au yi fen swan tsai chiz) for the Chinese pickled cabbage wit cheese and egg flavor. They will ask you 要加辣嗎? (Yao ja la ma?), Which means do you want spicy.

*'''泰好喝(Thai How Her)'''
This vendor is located at 8 Lane 75 Taiping Road. This stand is made of wood, and there are two lovely chairs in front of it. The sign over the stand says 泰好喝, and it is decorated with LED lights. They sell Thai-style drinks like black tea and milk tea. We bought a cup of milk tea. It’s orange and not very sweet, and it has a strong tea taste. We think the best way to enjoy it is fairly sweet and very cold, so you should say,”一杯奶茶全糖多冰” (Yi bei nai cha. Chuan tan duo bing.) One cup costs 35NT. They may ask you 要袋子嗎? (Yao daiz ma?) means do you want a plastic bag.


'''Clothes Stores at Yizhong Street'''
*'''RT (Iivery)'''
This store sells clothes, shoes and nail polish for young women. It’s on Yutsai South Street (育才南街) inside 一中二街購物廣場 (Yizhong Second Street Shopping Plaza) on the  second floor. Go up the stairs, and it’s on your right beside a restroom. There’s a white sign with brown letters that say Iivery. The clothes cost between 300 and 2000NT. The prices are higher than other shops because the clothes come from Korea, and they are high quality.

*'''Cream'''
The store is located at 22-3 Zunxian Street (尚賢街22號-3). The Shuei Li Building is across the street. There is a green sign with white words say Cream. It sells clothes for young women, and it is very popular. It has been open for five years. The prices of their clothes are very reasonable, so many people shop there. If you want to try the clothes on, there are two fitting rooms inside the store that you can use.

'''Specialty Shops at Yizhong Street'''

*'''台中放送局(Taichung Fon Song Ju)'''
At 1 Dian Tai Street, you can visit the building which housed the first radio station in central Taiwan. It has been refurbished by the Taichung city government, and it is now a popular attraction. You can visit for free. Inside the gate, there is a courtyard with a small pool. There are also trees with some decorations on them. Inside the building, there is a video screen playing a film about the history of radio in Taiwan. There is also a display of some old radio station microphones, photos and books. There is a cafe’ area that sells ice cream and drinks. They also offer picnic blankets, so you can sit outside in the courtyard.

===Temples===

Temples can be found all over the city of Taichung.  While many of them are of recent construction, others are considered historic and are indicative of the changing currents through Taichung’s history.
*'''Confucius Temple'''
*'''Martyr’s Shrine''', Adjacent to the temple is the Martyr’s Shrine, dedicated to the heroes of the Republic of China.
*'''Pao Jiue Temple''' 寶覺寺, This is a Buddhist temple which features the “Big Budda.”  The gold, seven-floor Buddha is dedicated to Maitreya.  The temple grounds also include a Japanese Shinto shrine.
*'''Cheng Huang Temple''', This temple was established during the Qing Dynasty, and has since been renovated numerous times.  Its main festival is the 15th day of the sixth lunar month.
*'''Wan Chun Temple''', Established during the height of the Qing Dynasty more than two hundred years ago, it is home to a couplet written by Emperor Kuangshu.  It is also noted for its life-like carvings.
*'''Li Ancestral Shrine'''
*'''Wen Chang Temple''', Built around 1825, this temple is dedicated to the “Scholar God.” Students frequently come to pray prior to exams to get good scores.
*'''Le Cheng Temple''' Over two hundred years old, the Le Cheng temple is dedicated to the goddess Mazu, and is known locally as the “Hanxi Mazu.”  It includes an ancient cauldron and other artifacts.
*'''Wan He Temple''', This temple was built during the Qing Dynasty in thanks to the goddess Mazu.  It is noted for exquisitely-designed carvings.

==Events==

*'''Mazu Festival''', Every March Central Taiwan celebrates the birth of Mazu, goddess of the sea, with the world's largest religious festival. Pilgrims will trek across 9 temples around the region to pay respects to the goddess with huge parades, festivals, and temple visits. A UNESCO World Living Heritage Event.

==Education==
*'''Feng-Chia University''' (逢甲大學)
*'''Dong-Hai University''' (東海大學)
*'''Asia University ''' (亞洲大學)
*'''National Chung-Hsing University''' (中興大學)
*'''Ling-Tung University''' (嶺東科技大學)
*'''National Taichung Institute of Technology''' (台中技術學院)
*'''The Overseas Chinese University (僑光科技大學)
*'''Providence University''' (靜宜大學)
*'''Chaoyang University of Technology'''

==Work==
*'''Taichung Science Park'''
*'''Houli Science Park'''
*'''Dali Industrial Park'''
*'''Changpin Industrial Park'''
*'''Fengyuan Industrial Park'''
*'''Chengliao Industrial Park''',[http://www.ctsp.gov.tw/english/01about/abo_h01_list.aspx?v=20&fr=236&no=287]

==Buy==

Taichung has many department stores which can be accessed by bus.

*<buy name="Top City Department Store 台中大遠百" alt="" address="" directions="" phone="" url="" hours="" price="" lat="" long="">Top City shopping mall is in Xitun shopping district. The famous Dintaifung Restaurant has a branch here
</buy>
*'''Sogo Department Store'''
*'''Mitsui Outlet Park'''
*'''Shinkong Mitsukoshi Department Store'''
*'''Chungyo Department Store'''
*'''Showtime Taichung Station'''
*'''Showtime Wenxin'''
*'''Taroko Mall Taichung'''
*'''Park Lane by CMP'''
*'''Park Lane by Splendor'''


Taichung is also well known for its Chinese bakeries. Pastries that are worth a try include sun cakes(太陽餅) and pineapple tarts(鳯梨酥)

*'''Sun Patisserie'''(太陽堂餅店), 23 Freedom Road sect. 2. Tel: +886-4-22222662/22237888. Famous for being the first bakery to sell sun cakes, a favourite among locals.

* '''Gaomei Wetlands''' (高美溼地), At the west side of Taichung, nice sunset, and you can catch wild little crab there.

* '''Taichung Metropolitan Park''' (台中都會公園), It's on the west side of the mountain. Great place for the weekend. Good Night View.

* '''Jing Ming First Street''' (精明一街), Great place for tea break.

* '''Taiwan Banana New Paradise''' (香蕉新樂園), It's a restaurant. With the atmosphere of 1940's of Taichung City.

* '''The Moon God of Love''' (月下老人), A good place for asking dating fate. Close to Taichung Metropolitan Park.

* '''Lavender Forest''' (薰衣草森林), A nice place for weekend. At north side of Taichung.

* '''Dakeng Forest Park''' (大坑森林公園), A great place for hiking. At north side of Taichung.

* '''Guguan Hot Spring''' (谷關溫泉), A nice Hot Spring at north side of Taichung.

==Eat==

With a proliferation of noodle shops and street vendors peddling anything from the exotic to common household dishes, there is no lack of choice for enjoying local delicacies. Walking through streets of Taichung one can locate exotic cuisines like Indian, Japanese, Indonesia, continental et al., .  Fortunately, the Taiwanese are quite accustomed to non-Chinese speakers, so using gestures will get you what you want (with perhaps a little surprise!)


*<eat name="Gulu Gulu" alt="" address="No. 2 Lane 13 Wuquan W. 4th St. West District" directions="Near the Art Museum" phone="04-23783128" url="" hours="" price="" lat="" long="">This is a great place to experience Taiwan's Aboriginal food in the City.  Unique upscale set meals with live music at night.</eat>

* '''Salut Pizza''', De Ye Road (Soho Street).
*<eat name="Match Cafe" alt="" address="60-3 2nd Section Zhonggong Rd. (中港路二段60-3號)" directions="" phone="04-23134597" url="www.match-cafe.com" hours="" price="" lat="" long="">Match provides a pleasant atmosphere where one can have a cup of coffee, a bagel or a sandwich and work on one's computer.</eat>
*<eat name="The Naked Cafe" alt="" address="575  1st Section Meicun Rd. West District" directions="About two blocks from the Art Museum." phone="04-23783161" url="" hours="" price="" lat="" long="">The Naked Cafe serves up not only coffee and tea, but great sandwiches and fries in a somewhat Euro-inspired atmosphere.</eat>
*<eat name="Oldies Franks Hot Dogs" alt="" address="384 Hua Mei Jie West District (華美街384號)" directions="" phone="04-23287072" url="" hours="" price="" lat="" long="">Best dogs in town if not Taiwan.  Casual diner atmosphere with interesting hot dog combinations.</eat>
*<eat name="Pizza Buena" alt="" address="206 Sec. 1 Meichun Rd. (美村一段206號)" directions="" phone="2302-8083" url="www.pizzabuena.tw" hours="11am-10pm" price="" lat="" long="">Thin crust pizza by the slice, so good you may forget where you are.  Seating upstairs.</eat>
*<eat name="Little India Muslim Resaurant (Halal)" alt="" address="No. 60 Boguan 3rd St. West District" directions="Behind the Splendor Hotel" phone="04-23261425" url="www.littleindia.co.cc" hours="" price="" lat="" long="">This little hole in the wall is more about good honest food and less about decorations.</eat>
*<eat name="Bollywood Restaurant & Pub" alt="" address="1026, JianXing Road" directions="" phone="+886-04 2319-2828" url="http://maps.google.com/maps?hl=en&q=No.+1026,+Ji%C3%A0nX%C3%ADng+Rd,+West+District,+Taichung+City,+Taiwan+403&ie=UTF8&cd=1&geocode=FT6bcAEdtSwxBw&split=0&sll=37.0625,-95.677068&sspn=23.875,57.630033&hq=&hnear=Ji%C3%A0nX%C3%ADng+Rd,+West+District,+Taichung+City,+Taiwan+403&z=17" hours="11 am-2 pm, 4:30-11 pm" price="300NT" lat="24.156945" long="120.663368">Without question the best Indian food in town. Great atmosphere and service, above average beer selection and really good food.</eat>
*<eat name="Weng's Goose " alt="" address="99-1, XiangShang Rd, Sec 1" directions="" phone="(04) 2305-9865" url="" hours="Hour: 5 pm-1 am " price="From NT$15" lat="" long="">This restaurant offers Goose cooked in three different ways Smoked Goose, Drunken Goose, and Salt-Water Goose. No matter which flavor you choose, the meat is tender and juicy</eat>

*<eat name="UZO Mediterranean Bar & Grill" alt="" address="#22, Jing Cheng 5th Street (精誠5街，22號）" directions="" phone="04－2327－3518" url="http://www.uzobar.com" hours="6pm-late; Closed Monday" price="" lat="" long="">Fresh Mediterranean specialties: Kebab Wraps, Gyros, Falafel, Hummus, Baba Ghanoush, Dolma, Pizzas, salads and a selection of appetizers. Large selection of import beers. Comfy outdoor seating. Staff speak great English and service is good. Relaxed and  easygoing atmosphere, rowdy kids and adults are not tolerated.</eat>

'''Foreign-owned Restaurants - ''' The listings below are intended to guide people who are looking for meals prepared by restauranteurs from different countries around the world.

*<eat name="UZO Mediterranean Bar & Grill" alt="" address="#22, Jing Cheng 5th Street (精誠5街，22號）" directions="" phone="04－2327－3518" url="http://www.uzobar.com" hours="6pm-late; Closed Monday" price="" lat="" long="">Fresh Mediterranean specialties: Kebab Wraps, Gyros, Falafel, Hummus, Baba Ghanoush, Dolma, Pizzas, salads and a selection of appetizers. Large selection of import beers. Comfy outdoor seating. Staff speak great English and service is good. Relaxed and  easygoing atmosphere, rowdy kids and adults are not tolerated.</eat>

*<eat name="Finga" alt="" address="No.61, Zhongming S. Rd., West Dist., Taichung City 40361, Taiwan (R.O.C.) (台中市西區忠明南路61號)" directions="" phone="(04) 2327-7750" url="" hours="" price="" lat="" long="">Finga’s is on the first floor of a tall building and on the left side of Zhongming North Rd. There is some outdoor seating in front of the restaurant under a brown and green canopy. There is a small blackboard next to the door with the names of some menu items on it. There is also a puppet was dressed as a cook next to the door.</eat>

*<eat name="Gulu's House" alt="" address="No.22, Jingming 1st St., Xitun Dist., Taichung City 40759, Taiwan (R.O.C.) (台中市精明一街22號)" directions="" phone="04-2327-1393" url="" hours="" price="" lat="" long="">Gulu’s House to describe the location, it would be easy for visitor’s  look for this restaurant. Gulu’s House is on Jing-Ming Road. This restaurant is a small building with big glass windows. This restaurant has a big red door. There is a blackboard with daily specials written on it. Gulu’s House has a white, red and blue sign that has the name of the restaurant written in English and Chinese and a picture of a chef on it.</eat>
*<eat name="小印度清真館 ( Hsien Yin Tu Ching Jeng Kuan )" alt="" address="No.60, Boguan 3rd St., West Dist., Taichung City 40353, Taiwan (R.O.C.) (台中市西區博館三街60號)" directions="" phone="04-2326-1425" url="" hours="" price="" lat="" long="">It is on the corner of the street. There is a white building which is a hair salon next to it and a big parking lot across the street. There are two small outside seats in front of the restaurant which are surrounded by lots of green plants. There is a big red awning over the front of the building and there is a big colorful sign with restaurant’s name and pictures of food on it.  </eat>
*<eat name="富士小林日本鍋料理店 (fuji kobayashi restaurant)" alt="" address="No.25, Ln. 132, Jingcheng Rd., West Dist., Taichung City 40352, Taiwan (R.O.C.) (台中市西區精誠路132巷25號)" directions="" phone="04-23200910" url="" hours="" price="" lat="" long="">The decoration is Japanese style. The interior is very small and simple.  There are six tables and a bar.  There are Japanese landscape pictures and hand-written menus on the walls. They sell different kinds of hot pot and the price is from 300~1,000 dollars.</eat>
*<eat name="Anatolia Turkish restaurant" alt="" address="No.45, Gongyi N. St. West District, TaichungCity 403.Taiwan (台中市公益北街45號)" directions="" phone="04-2320-2186" url="" hours="" price="" lat="" long="">There are ten tables in the restaurant. There are white and red tablecloths on all of the tables. There are many special decorations from Turkey on the wall. There are many pictures of Turkish scenery on the walls. The walls of restaurant are brick. They offer pizza, salads, soups and desserts. Every dish costs between of $200 and $300. The most popular thing they sell is lavash (a kind of bread) and Adana grilled lamb. </eat>
*<eat name="Sakurazaka Fusion Japanese Restaurant" alt="" address="45-2, TaichungGang (Taichung Kang) Rd, Sec 2 (台中市中港路2段45之2號)" directions="" phone="(04) 2320-9041" url="" hours="" price="" lat="" long="">Sakurazaka Fusion Japanese Restaurant is on the Jung-Gang Road. This restaurant is a Japanese-style combines modern and simple building. This restaurant has a large glass door. The walls are brown tile. There are two chairs outside. There are two boards with the name of daily specials written on them next to the chairs. There are many potted plants around the outdoor area. There is a big brown sign that has the name of the restaurant written in Chinese and English.</eat>
*<eat name="The Little Tibet Museum (小西藏館)" alt="" address="No.2, Qinghe St., Xitun Dist., Taichung City 40743, Taiwan (R.O.C.) (台中市慶和街2號)" directions="" phone="04-24522452" url="" hours="" price="" lat="" long="">The Little Tibet Museum is located of the corner of Feng Chia Night Market. The owner and the chefs are Tibetans, the restaurant decor cuisine. The owner is Tibetan style. There are two snow lions on each side of the door. The front of the store stood still looks yak.</eat>
*<eat name="Payless Restaurant" alt="" address="No.59, Darong W. St., Xitun Dist., Taichung City 40758, Taiwan (R.O.C.) (西屯區大容西街59號)" directions="" phone="(04) 2310-6389 " url="" hours="" price="" lat="" long="">The restaurant is in a small building with large windows. There is a red sign in the window with the name of the restaurant printed in white letters.
</eat>
*<eat name=" Doi Tung Thai Restaurant" alt="" address="596, ChongDe Rd, Sec 1 (台中市北屯區崇德路一段596號)" directions="" phone="(04) 2236-9550" url="" hours="" price="" lat="" long="">Doi Tung Thai Restaurant is a big white building that has a big brown sign with the orange words with the name of the restaurant on it. Next to the front door, there is a small table with four chairs, and, there are two small lamps on the each side of the front gate. There is a large parking lot behind the restaurant.</eat>

*<eat name=" Delhi Bistro Curries Indian Restaurant" alt="" address="No. 11, Lane 155, Wenhua Road, Xitun District
Taichung City, 407(台中市西屯區文華路155巷11號)" directions="" phone="(04) 2452-0431" url="" hours="" price="" lat="" long="">Delhi Bistro Curries Indian Restaurant is located in heart of feng-Chia Night market. Sitting place for about 60 people serves most authentic Indian food. .</eat>

==Drink==

*<drink name="Orsir Coffee" alt="" address="No. 14 Wuquan Road, West District, Taichung City" directions="" phone="04-22205652" url="http://www.orsir.tw/" hours="10:00 - 18:00, closed on Saturday" price="NT$50-200">This place serves the best coffee in Taichung and probably Taiwan. The staff are very knowledgeable and they sell a wide selection of beans. There is plenty of space to sit upstairs. </drink>
*<drink name="UZO Mediterranean Bar & Grill" alt="UZO" address="#22, Jing Cheng 5th Street 精誠5街，22號" directions="" phone=" 04－2327－3518" url="Http://www.uzobar.com" hours="6pm-late, Closed Mondays" price="" lat="" long="">Fresh Mediterranean specialties: Kebab Wraps, Gyros, Falafel, Hummus, Baba Ghanoush, Dolma, Pizzas, salads and a selection of appetizers. Large selection of import beers. Comfy outdoor seating. Staff speak great English and service is good. Relaxed and easygoing atmosphere, rowdy kids and rowdy adults are not tolerated.</drink>
*<drink name="Ohana 的天空 工作室" alt="" address="No. 43-2, Section 1, Sanmin Rd, West District, Taichung City, Taiwan 403" directions="" phone="+886 4 2371 7988" url="" hours="9-18 (Sunday Closed)" price="" lat="" long="">Lovely coffee place owned by a creative and enthusiastic couple who are really interested in the story of travellers. A great place to meet other travellers as well. Attached to the coffeeshop the owner has a workshop where he makes all kinds of furniture and other wooden home accessories. </drink>
*Other popular cafes with good coffee, some with onsite roasting, include Pluto Espressoria, Manni Cafe, Foro Cafe, Solid Bean Coffee Roasters, Neverland, The Factory Mojocoffee, Ivette Cafe, Whotogether, and Coffee Stopover, and Caffaina.
*There are also a number of bars, music venues, and nightclubs such as Gong High, The Night, 18TC, Alta, Muse, XCube, Rave, The Cave, 坐坐Place, Simba, Jazzhead, First Floor, Isman, Rico Padre, Captain Joker, Bar Easy, World Kitchen, Terroir Wine, Salut, Sao Bao Bar & Kitchen, Art aNew, Matches Bar & Restaurant, Patio, ChangeX Beer, Puzzle, 準備中, and World Kitchen.

==Sleep==

===Budget===

*<sleep name="LE HA'IM Travel Space" alt="Hostel" address="No. 43-2, Section 1, Sanmin Rd, West District, Taichung City, Taiwan 403" directions="Near the National Library, above the Ohana Coffee shop" phone="+886 4 2371 7988" url="" checkin="" checkout="" price="" lat="" long=""> Great place to meet fellow travellers. The hostel is owned by a friendly and creative couple who love to listen to your travel stories. The hostel is clean and the dorms feel like home due to all the creative items in the rooms. </sleep>
* <sleep name="Fu Chun Hotel" - just across the street from the Taichung train station - NT$530 per night, TV, air, hot water.></sleep>
* <sleep name="Corner Backpacker - Taichung Hostel" price="Sun. to Thr. per person 500NT; Fri and Sat. per person 550NT" phone="+886-973331020" address="No.85,Rixin St.,West Dist, 403 Taichung City, Taiwan"> Features: Wifi in Lobby, TV in Lobby, Security Lockers, Air Conditioning, Bike for rent.</sleep>

===Mid-range===

* <sleep name="Kao Yuan Hotel" alt="高苑商務旅館" address="392 Zhongzheng Road, Beiqu. (北區 中正路 ３９２號)" directions="" phone="886 (04) 2226-2566" email="" fax="" checkin="" checkout="" price="NT$1,600 per night" url="http://www.kaoyuan.com.tw"> Nice, very clean rooms with jacuzzi and free Western and Chinese breakfast. LAN internet in every room, CNN, HBO etc and free TW English newspaper every day.</sleep>
* <sleep name="Han's Hostel" alt="科博涵宿館" address="11 Aly. 38, Ln. 211, Boguan 2nd St., West Dist.
 (台中市西區博館二街211巷38弄11號)" price="starting at NT$600 per night" phone="886 978 827 131"
url="https://sites.google.com/site/hanshostel/home"> Brand-new comfortable and clean en-suite rooms with wifi and all bath products, centrally located between downtown Taichung, train station, Taiwan high speed rail station,and Taichung bus station. Only 5 minutes by walk from the most beautiful greenway in Taiwan, The Parkway.</sleep>
* <sleep name="Twinstar Hotel" alt="" address="" directions="" phone="" url="http://www.gohotel.com.tw" checkin="" checkout="" price="" lat="" long=""> Good mid range hotel located close to rear entrance of Taichung train station.  Hotel and rooms are old but service is decent and Chinese breakfast served.  Book on web site for lowest rates, starting at NT$1600.</sleep>
* <sleep name="J&I Hostel" alt="逢甲美宿館" address="407 No.9-11, Nanzi Ln., Sec. 2, Xitun Rd., Xitun Dist. (西屯區西屯路二段湳子巷 9-11號)" url="http://tw.myblog.yahoo.com/ji-home/"> Comfortable and clean room, located close to the most famous night market of Taichung.</sleep>
* <sleep name="Feng Jia Sunshine Lodge" alt="日光逢甲套房" address="No.16, Lane 19, Féngjiǎ Rd, Xitun District." price="starting at NT1600 per night" phone="886 980 062 858" url="https://www.facebook.com/#!/twdaylight" > Good location, near to Fengjia Night Market, new and nicely decorated rooms, good base for exploring Taichung. </sleep>

===Splurge===

* <sleep name="Evergreen Laurel Hotel" address="6 Taichung Gang Rd. Sec. 2" phone="+886 4-2313-9988" url="http://www.evergreen-hotels.com/branch/Default.aspx?dbsn=5"></sleep>

* <sleep name="Howard Prince Hotel Taichung" address="129 Anhe Road" phone="+886-4-2463-2323" url="http://taichung.howard-hotels.com"> </sleep>

* <sleep name="Hotel One Taichung" address="532 Yingcai Rd." phone="+886-4-2303-1234" url="http://www.hotelone.com.tw"> This is the newest high-end hotel in Taichung and it is also the tallest building in the city.</sleep>

* <sleep name="Plaza International Hotel"  address="431 Daya Road" phone="+886-4-2295-6789" url="http://www.taichung-plaza.com"></sleep>

* <sleep name="Splendor Hotel" address="1049 Jien-xing Road" phone="+886-4-2328-8000" url="http://www.splendor-taichung.com.tw"></sleep>

* <sleep name="The Windsor Hotel Taichung" address="78 Taichung Gang Rd. Sec. 3" phone="+886-4-2465-6555" url="http://www.windsortaiwan.com"> Along with Hotel One, this the other newer high-end hotel in Taichung.</sleep>

* <sleep name="The Tempus Hotel Taichung" alt="" address="9 Taichung Gang Rd. Sec. 2" directions="" phone="+886-4-2326-8008" url="http://www.tempus.com.tw" checkin="" checkout="" price="3300NT+" lat="" long="">Formerly known as the Landis (which might be what your taxi driver knows it as) this is a great hotel in the center of Taichung. Room includes access to the Mandara Life Club next to the hotel. The club features a 30m, 6 lane lap pool, large sauna, hot springs and a full complement of gym equipment.</sleep>

===Exotic===

In addition to traditional-style hotels, you might want to consider the exotic "love motels" for which Taichung is famous.  These provide the feel of a resort with a large bath (often complete with television), large-screen television in the main room, and large beds, but without the need to travel hundreds of miles away.  Rooms are individually priced and themed: everything from tropical paradise, complete with waterfall or reflecting pool, to dramatic uptown chic, to kitschy reds and pinks.  Visit with your special someone for a night you won't soon forget!  Here are a couple to get you started:

* <sleep name="The Love Boutique Motel" alt="悅豪" phone="+886-04-2258-3366"  address="No.83, Sec.3, Hui-Chung Rd., 408 Taichung, Taiwan" url="http://www.love-motel.com.tw/">  [http://tw.myblog.yahoo.com/love-enjoy/]</sleep>

* <sleep name="Enjoy Motel" alt="悅萊" phone="+886-04-22597799" address="No.19, Shihjheng N. 7th Rd., 408 Taichung, Taiwan" url="http://www.enjoy-motel.com.tw/">
[http://tw.myblog.yahoo.com/love-enjoy/]</sleep>

==Contact==

The '''area dialling code''' for Taichung is 04. From overseas, dial: +886 4 XXXX XXXX

==Stay safe==
Taichung, along with other Taiwanese cities is safe. The only issue will be with being aware of traffic. Look both ways before crossing roads, then look again while you cross. As you alight from a bus, be sure to look to your right before stepping down to prevent being hit by a scooter.

==Cope==

==Get out==
The hot spring resorts at [[Guguan]], via public bus 207 at Fengyuan

As Taichung is located in the middle of Taiwan, it is conveniently located for making trips to both [[Taipei]] and [[Kaohsiung]]. There are frequent, comfortable and inexpensive freeway-bus services plying the routes. The journey to either city by bus or train takes around 3 hours, or as little as 1.5 hours given optimal traffic conditions.

The Taiwanese High Speed Rail (HSR) is now in operation, and as it runs up to 300 kph, travel time to both Taipei and Kaohsiung is now as short as 45 minutes.

Taichung is located near several recreational areas. A short distance to the north is a large water park, especially enticing during the hot summer months. Also, Sun Moon Lake and the mountains and lush plains of Puli in Nantou County are within an hour's drive to the east. The coast is a mere half-hour from central city to the west.

[[de:TaiChung]]
[[ja:台中市]]
[[nl:Taichung]]
[[zh:台中市]]

[[wts:Category:Taichung]]

[[WikiPedia:Taichung]]
[[World66:asia/northeastasia/taiwan/taichung]]

{{IsPartOf|Central_Taiwan}}
{{usablecity}}